Test this sent.
What evidence from pre-clinical studies should there be before limited human trials can proceed?
When, in other words, does the work being done cease to be a mere palliative and concentrate on longer-term objectives?
What are the key concepts in integrated HR and business planning?
What are the chief concerns of individual citizens regarding their personal health information?
Why do I only get partial credit when I return a lost dosimeter?
What lessons did you learn about implementing and testing this model or program that might be useful to other jurisdictions/regions/programs/settings?
What is the current price for wheat and durum?
What career opportunities will be available for our most talented and ambitious young men and women?
Who is best placed to determine the person’s best interest?
Why should information about how to help people be secret?
What Causes the Polar-Front Jet Stream?
What if my journal of choice does not permit archiving of manuscripts within six months?
Why did the PSC replace the old SLE-Writing Test?
What school do you go to and how many years have you been there?
Where can I find information on invading species, such as Purple Loosestrife or Zebra Mussels?
What is the annual Industrial Consumption of Energy (ICE) survey?
When will the survey results be available?
What happened, what form of abuse?
What requirements must I meet for a temporary resident visa?
When paragraphs (f) and (g) were added to Regulation 172(3) to indicate that the amounts included in these paragraphs were not earnings for the purposes described in subsection (2), that is among other things, "all other purposes related to the payment of benefit under Part II of the Act", did the legislator not intend to completely change the application of the old precedents?
What is the history of the organization?
What are the WIPO Treaties?
What should be the selection criteria for the next generation of new networks?
What other sources of funding are available?
When should the order for evacuation be lifted?
What about smaller businesses?
What are the dimensions of a 1 litre bag?
When will persons who were in a conjugal relationship with Head Tax payers who are now deceased be able to apply?
When and how will the Regulations be implemented?
What does Sarkozy's record as finance and economy minister say about his instincts?
What is your reaction to people cashing in RRSPs long before retirement age?
What subject matter is to be protected?
What is the right balance between emphasising difference and celebrating common values?
What was their favourite drink?
What school-level factors contribute to successful graduation rates and to high academic achievement?
What if there is a better equipped or more capable licensee in the new field?
What were its findings and recommendations?
When will the revised Code enter in force?
What are the standards applied under the applicable law?
What criteria should we use to determine the scale and scope of an economic impact assessment?
Who will be affected by the proposed regulatory framework?
What sanctions exist for failure to comply with these laws or policies?
What projects will allow us to achieve our goal?
What are the consequences of Type 1 and Type 2 error with this type of drug?
What if a small not-for-profit organization could easily apply for a grant from one department one year and a second one from another department the next, without having to re-learn how, or source new information to meet each program’s basic requirements?
What are the symptoms of an infection with WNV?
Why study the health implications of work-life conflict?
What are we looking at in terms of a timeframe that way?
Why is the apparent domestic market imprecise?
What if someone at work tries to retaliate against a complainant?
Why should Canada include links with Southern countries in the scope of its international research agenda?
What models for teaching collaborative competencies show the most promise?
What role could the National Audit Institutions play in helping ensure the correct use of EU funds spent in their countries?
When were TLE claims negotiated?
Whose responsibility is it to perform long-term monitoring after the project is complete, to ensure the environmental integrity of the area has not been compromised, and who funds it?
What should be the content of the Commission’s planned ‘interpretive communication’ on institutionalised PPPs?
What partnerships between AAFC and other research providers make sense in the context of effectively and efficiently managing specific areas of expertise and addressing issues of national and regional importance?
When does this policy come into effect?
Why aren't both author's names shown there?
What happens when I make changes to my Routing Table?
What is the Effect of the GATS on Health, Education and Social Services in Canada?
When you say they dropped the standard, what was the standard and what has changed in it?
Who are these dissenters and are they credible?
What are the implications for costs, training, planning, and regulation?
Why do the current spokespersons for increased masculinization of society reproach women for a system set up by their (male) predecessors on behalf of an equally patriarchal society?
What is the rationale behind anti-dumping policy?
What have I seen since I joined this Committee?
What training for those whose task it is to communicate about the heritage?
What are the gaps and/or weaknesses in the sport development continuum from grassroots to high performance?
Why has it taken so long to develop these standards?
Why did you not get the prescription filled?
What rate of tax should apply to these sales, where our customers received ownership and possession of this furniture in April 2007, but will not receive an invoice for payment until April 2008?
What are the general requirements for a registered charity to maintain its registered status?
When you must pay ransom to the  insurance company monopoly before you can drive your own vehicle on public  streets or highways?
What are Europe's capabilities in this area in addition to those of the WEU Satellite Centre?
What are the positive/negative lessons learned?
Who are the Least Developed Countries (LDCs)?
Who is entitled to the GST/HST rebate on these purchases under the new FCTIP?
Who is responsible to keep e-mail records?
Which gods played a role in forming the earth and bringing civilization to the people?
When will those decisions be implemented and what are their financial and administrative consequences?
Where should an international application be filed?
Which were the main flu pandemics of the 20th century?
What is so special about the Carolinian life zone?
Who’s Doing What?
What will happen to Thomson-CSF if its losses in civil electronics cannot be stemmed?
Who conducts apartment or building inspections?
What material(s) is it made from?
What happens where a claim was not deferred or after the first decision-maker has made a decision that the claimant does not like?
Who has not worried about its effect upon our own communities and our families?
What are the consequences of family disruption on fatherhood?
What’s all the hoopla about anyway?
Why would health care workers not be required to stop exposure prone procedures if they had Hepatitis C or HIV?
Which factors influence an employee’s choice to move with his employing agency when the agency moves to another region?
What kind of information have the researchers been able to pinpoint about the remains?
What health care changes will affect military providers?
Why do you think employees should be required to work for that length of time before being converted to indeterminate status?
What should I do if I receive a suspicious package or envelope?
What will happen next?
What do we see on the national flag of the Métis that symbolizes the union of two cultures?
When asked the question "What about the Canada Games being held in Canada in 2005?
What food products have Nutrition Facts?
What specific barriers are Canadian investors experiencing in establishing and operating in their countries of interest?
What are examples of areas of selection that would include students?
Which of these might affect space travel?
What is a good indicator of size?
What is Canadian Direct Investment Abroad (CDIA)?
What is the history of your family's immigration to Canada?
When were the OHER payments issued?
What are the best scales for measuring and addressing impacts of climate change on health?
Which region or province uses the least thermal power?
What measures can be addressed to reverse this trend?
What is the plan for crisis?
What are the roles and level of involvement?
Who Needs the Humanities?
What types of projects are eligible for funding under the CMFSP?
What policy objectives should PAP be designed to achieve?
What are the advantages of using Corporation Internet Filing?
Where's the apparel industry in Dar es Salaam?
Which country has the most racist violence?
Who in the federal government should decide whether internal or external evaluators are to be used for departmental program evaluations?
What range of services would it offer?
What are Natural Health Products?
Which provisions have States decided to accept to be bound by?
What should a customer do if a dosimeter is accidentally exposed to water?
Why has this custom been disregarded and how can these negative influences be addressed, if at all?
What is included in the registration package?
What are the strengths of this relationship?
What type of reports can I find on the Small Business Research and Policy web site?
What effects do these rapid changes have on our perception of world events?
What do you like least in people?
What do I need to know before arriving?
Why did you need to learn about youth and democracy in Brazil?
What defence is available to the accused?
What are the symptoms of listeriosis?
What additional means does EDC use to include NGOs and other interested parties in this dialogue?
What are your current expenses and what are you worth today?
What term(s) should be used for a document dealing with depletion of the Ozone layer?
What promotional tools should be used?
What are some of the social issues in Kazakhstan?
What would you say are the unique features of Global Gazelles, setting them aside from all other businesses?
What are the barriers to making positive changes in the program?
Where can I find information on radio equipment certification and standards?
When do we pay your benefit?
What Are The Minimum Features A TV Must Have To Qualify As A High Definition TV (HDTV)?
What if I don't have all the information from my flight?
Which areas of information management interest you most?
Who wants to work harder, sweat more, and have to smell vomit for an hour?
What is my responsibility to reduce that harm?
What are the fields in which public participation is granted?
What is a Data Protector or Privacy Commissioner?
What were the different sources used to compile music manuscripts and how were they modified?
Why are all adults aged 51years and older grouped together?
What is Modern Comptrollership?
What are the powers and responsibilities of this Council of State, and how does it operate?
What about those for whom OGP was a relatively small source of support?
When Does the Act Apply?
What constitutes personal information?
What would your life be like if there was no piped, pumped, treated local water supply?
Where can I reach the Commissioner?
Where do you usually buy fresh fruit and vegetables?
What is the business case for ethical and equitable business practice, with reference to gender equality?
What are your views in this regard?
Who pays the trustee?
What is the relationship between the provisions in this Convention and similar provisions in Canada's negotiated tax treaties?
What are the roles and responsibilities relating to the delivery of IIP projects?
Why is this happening?
Why are rights controversial?
Who will have ultimate responsibility for security during the Olympic Winter Games ?
What is the Maximum Funding Available?
What are risk factors?
What impact do foreign activities have on a registered charity's disbursement quota?
What types of workplace environments potentially increase mercury exposure?
Which language do you prefer to read in?
Why do you think your association was unsuccessful in achieving certification?
What do workers prefer?
What if it’s a really important show?
What are the benefits of the program to the industry?
What is WIPO’s role in the protection of geographical indications?
Why can't I be inseminated with untested semen?
What is VDD doing about Animal Welfare?
What is its role in the book publishing industry?
What's the secret to a recycling program's success?
What are the types of support most helpful for individuals on a journey of healing and recovery?
When you decide to buy a new one, please telle me whether you pay a lot of attention, a little attention or no attention at all to the energy it uses or not?
Who has to call the CBSA to report the plane's arrival?
Who is the "any person" indicated in paragraph 16(1)(h) on grants of federal real property to Crown corporations?
What type of assistance is requested?
Which ones did not work well and why?
Who manages the funds in the Public Service Superannuation Pension Plan?
What then is the situation in the official-language minority communities?
What should our responses be?
Which of the following is the most serious, common side effect of aminoglycosides?
What is a standard serving size, based on Canada's Food Guide?
Which legal entity form is to be used by non governmental organisations (NGO's)?
What types of infrastructure should be funded by DCCs?
Who and where are the customers and what is their responsibility ?
When his dog makes a mistake or does not understand an exercise, he asks himself, "Where am I at fault?
What other research will be taking place to inform the Framework?
What are the major unanswered questions in the basic science of prion diseases?
What animals would be used for xenotransplants?
What is the responsibility of the individual?
What roles do racism and illiteracy play in poverty?
What types of risks do you face as a partner that could compromise the Initiative’s objectives being met?
What are the Federal Government's Guidelines Concerning Labelling of Genetically Modified Foods?
What are the current real rates of basic pay and weekly and monthly working hours of criminal police officers?
What strategies ensure equitable and sustainable natural resource management by communities?
What are the priorities for the 2001/2002 request for proposals?
What is Simian Foamy Virus (SFV)?
What happens after Parliament endorses our recommendations?
What are "serious" adverse events"?
What is the procedure for furnishing a sequence listing and/or tables related thereto upon invitation?
What is Canada's general position in the FTAA government procurement negotiations?
What are the appropriate exceptions and limitations (limitations)?
What is the minimum hourly wage, before taxes, that you would require before travelling in order to get a job?
What's your best advice to someone either trying to break into the export market or once in, maintaining their market share?
Why the apparent request to duplicate information on both Act and Policy templates?
What is the role of Customs today?
What are the long-term implications for women if globalization continues?
What is Canada’s experience with minority governments?
Where do I get medical paperwork for my claim?
What do you think are the most important things I should write in my newspaper story?
Which model is more profitable?
What initiatives could be undertaken to assess awareness and perceptions of values and ethics in the workplace?
When was the Clerk's current vehicle purchased, what factors were taken into account in deciding which vehicle to purchase and when is it scheduled for replacement?
Where is it located?
What should Canada’s defence budget be today?
What methods have these other settings used in the past to recruit volunteers?
Why the breakdown in basic CRM by a seemingly competent crew?
What, if any, is the influence of changing expectations regarding the balance of home and work life, expressed by more recently trained healthcare professionals, on the nature of the workplace?
Which of these terms would you assign to the song?
What are the major environmental concerns with a product of this type?
What, in particular, should we do about HFCs and any other greenhouse gases now being promoted as alternatives to CFCs and HCFCs?
What is the current total number of paid workers employed by your company, and how many are involved in Advanced Wood Products Manufacturing?
What exactly happens to a piece of legislation?
What tools can be developed to help?
Why are mumps and measles included in one vaccine?
What importance do national interests have for you?
What makes a game a "good game"?
When I am gathering records for an access or privacy request, what do I do with my "black book", hand-written notes, e-mail on my computer and my other working files?
Who will be surprised after following our analysis to this stage?
What are the key points of the agreement?
What is CATSA?
What is a Governor in Council appointment?
What safeguards will be necessary to ensure the integrity of the documentation?
Why is reporting important?
What are the corresponding margin rates ("haircuts")?
Who is the Program Sponsor?
What if technologies and treatments improve to the point that we meet these goals ahead of schedule?
What view is taken by the EU’s eastern neighbours wishing to apply for membership?
What do we want for our children?
What is the difference between a gust and a squall?
Which of the following is correct as regards the accession of the 10 new Member States?
Who do I contact if I want to further discuss the specific risk management activities proposed for a toxic substance of concern to my organization?
Why is the Carolinian life zone in danger?
Why can we not simply acknowledge, as we increasingly do with ethnic minorities, that the biological differences between men and women should not limit their place in society?
When you consider it as an example of the mobilization of a population health approach, what do you include in it?
What unanticipated contextual factors arose?
What if I don't feel comfortable with the person handling my case?
What Do Doukhobor Children Call Their Parents, Grandparents, Aunts and Uncles?
What does your organisation think about the idea industry developing a specific code of conduct?
What did you like about the audiocast?
Why then, day after day, do the senators on the government side react so vehemently to ongoing debate on Bill S-4?
What if IBS interferes with my daily activities?
Where did you live and travel?
What are the requirements for use of gelatin from animal origin?
When might disputes with taxing authorities arise over payments in lieu of taxes (PILT) and what are the mechanisms to resolve these disputes?
What does social responsibility consist of today?
What would be the final outcome of the project and what will be the use of the report?
What is the average age at which Canadian youth try smoking for the first time?
What's Age Got to Do With It?
What else do governments need to consider in making a decision about whether or not to provide publicly funded antivirals for prevention?
Why is Health Canada requesting a recall?
What do you see as the biggest challenge for the RCMP on the international front?
What are the themes for this year's events?
What should we do?
Who wouldn’t want to "market"?
What sources of new safety information on marketed health products does Health Canada provide?
What impact on climate could be achieved by means of changes in aircraft building, for example in the materials used, and in the construction of engines, as well as by using alternative fuels?
What is required to comply with Article 14?
What changes to the program would help to ensure better alignment?
What measures would accomplish this?
What will this resource allow Canadian researchers to do more than what they are doing now?
What’s your communication style?
Why?
What about the question of war, which was the central question of foreign policy until very recently?
What do I need to do?
What's different about the strategy now?
What impact will future economic changes have on Canada, a highly-open, resource-rich, wealthy industrialized economy with a strong social democratic tradition?
Who could support me in other aspects of my life here?
Where do I obtain more information?
What are some of the benefits and disadvantages to bison that are associated with this freedom?
What levels of hospital care coverage are available under the Public Service Health Care Plan (PSHCP)?
What makes the participation of various representatives of the public in an international forum legitimate?
What is the scope of the European Union decision defining terrorism?
What kind of institutional change or support would you like to see take place?
Which are the management and consultative bodies of the ETF?
What do you see as the key challenges/issues for CATSA?
What point is there in supporting a Canadian broadcasting industry if it is not distinctively Canadian in its creative output?
Why must I declare all natural items when returning from a trip?
What impact is the Afghanistan conflict likely to have on them?
What is our situation in terms of diversity and pluralism in ethics and values?
What Do Canadians Think About Nutrition?
Where does the model lead?
Where are you trying to take the technology?
What can be done to improve this situation?
What's New?
What combinations of NHPs and drugs or interactions between NHPs and drugs are most prevalent in the population and entail the greatest potential or known risk?
What is your opinion on the options under consideration for improving the information available to SMEs about specific contracts (adaptation of TED, using the INTERNET, the CPV and standard forms)?
What level of operating funding is required to permit effective operation?
When are Band Support Funding application forms due into the regional office?
What's in the Works?
Which groups are receiving funds?
What are we to make of these challenges that globalization poses to the status quo within educational systems in this region?
What measures would accomplish this?
Why does this projection not exhibit the same rapid decline in TE as seen in the aging baby boom model in Figure 4?
What went well during the presentations / what should be changed What went well?
What about the water pipes outside my house?
What did people write down in the first break?
What does government want to do at the end of the day?
What is being done to face or take advantage of these challenges and opportunities (if nothing, explain why)?
What international forest resource-related information that is needed for policy formulation purposes in your organization is not available from TBFRA-2000 or other sources ?
Why don't they see the true potential in my business?
What have been the main strategies used in building this initiative?
What role could biotechnology companies play in increasing the commercial impact of academic research in Canada?
What is the big difference?
What is qualified farm property?
Why did this happen to Oedipus?
Which timeline must I follow?
What could be the financial implications of an EG&S policy?
What is the impact on participation, involvement of people?
What are the ethical issues related to knowledge translation (KT)?
What potential effects on human health does Health Canada consider under CEPA 1999?
What new forms of governance and regulatory environments do we need for the future?
What right do visitors have to duplicate the site content?
What other questions do you have?
Why have we not heard the Prime Minister talk about the importance of innovation?
Who else possesses the necessary knowledge to move this forward?
Whatare the implications for the natural resource base and povertyreduction?
When asked if the Health Services could support another mission, she replied, "Could we do another Afghanistan-type mission with the same capability?
Why is there such a delay with dealing with this in Canada?
Why is the question of road safety being included?
What, people ask, has Latin America really gained from the restrictive macroeconomic policies it has pursued, for the most part, since the debt crisis of the 1980's?
What should we be reporting?
Why Do Knowledge Translation and Exchange?
Who is an inventor and who owns the rights over a patent?
What is E-commerce?
Why do some pictures show First Nations peoples and others do not?
What kinds of timelines and costs need to be applied?
What exactly is the scope of the term "needs and aspirations" of the community and how do these relate to the need to protect individuals from discrimination?
Who was their leader?
What gets deducted?
Who is managing rural development policy?
What ways do you suggest Montrealers can best preserve their legacy?
While all this may be true, the question remains: how do we make sure that public services are run with reasonable efficiency and produce the results intended by governments and expected by taxpayers?
Who's Doing What?
Why may carded status be withdrawn?
Where would I go to have this looked at?
When they later terminate membership is this amount included in the PAR calculation?
What fraction of the total metal flux into lakes is retained in the sediments?
What risks are not adequately addressed?
What tools are available to help managers analyze the survey results?
What specific community order or crime problem was the program intended to address?
Why do they want to work with your organization?
What effect, if any, did this have on better addressing the needs of these communities?
What works well in this area (3-4 elements)?
What percentage of the population in (OUR COUNTRY) do you think has a disability of any kind?
What were your specific questions, learning objectives and/or goals in undertaking this program?
Why is it so hard to come up with a workable business strategy that will make the sum of convergence greater than the separate parts?
What kind of time investment is involved in the process?
Why won’t feminists acknowledge that?
Who's Concerned About Fat?
Why do you want to have these data, and what use is to be made of the results?
Why Monitor Food Insecurity in Canada?
Which team can attract the most clients in a restaurant in Paris?
Why does this matter?
What kinds of things should be done to address these issues?
What, then, is the dividing line between eligible and ineligible analysis?
What does "sustainable" mean, and what are the different ways the term is used, and by whom?
Which lists should ideally reflect state budgets?
Why are Parliament's requests less important than those of Council?
What types of animals are adapted to the grassland environment?
What Considerations Led To Your Proposed Control Group (or lack of one)?
Which industry in Canada had the most bankruptcies in 2004?
Why is it important to measure this?
Why do Santiago pilgrims speak more about their journey than about the destination of their pilgrimage?
What is the SDS long-term vision?
What physical findings correlate BEST with the severity of the diagnosis in Question 6?
Why develop Article VI:4 disciplines on domestic regulation?
Why have these actions not been a total success?
What is the Travel Survey of Residents of Canada?
What outcomes do you hope to see as a result of this Conference and beyond?
What supports are recommended?
Why is Canada Such a Great Place to Do Business?
What are the Workplace Conditions that Retain Nurses, Minimize Turnover and Increase Job Satisfaction?
What about using provincial, down to RHA information and planning to inform this process?
What would you do, as Commissioner, to accelerate progress towards the Lisbon goals and what in your views should be the main priorities?
When do you report a capital gain or loss?
Who is this practical guide for?
What was the value of payments to community government since the project completion?
What kind of change?
Why is a horizontal approach most appropriate?
What Benefits Are Payable Under the Act?
What gaps are there now and what do you more precisely hoping to achieve by the end of the meeting?
What if the conciliation is appropriate but unsuccessful?
What should I do after contact with a person known or suspected to have XDR-TB?
What was the main subject of the second most recent course you completed?
What type of feedback will he/she receive?
What public infrastructure (physical or virtual) is needed to support access to global value chains?
What is the tin rooster’s purpose (found in the tinsmith’s shop)?
What kinds of inventions can be protected?
What is an SEA?
What else might be considered missing from this simple equation?
When prompted to say what question he would like to be asked in an interview, Robert Munsch replied, "How has being a manic-depressive, obsessive-compulsive, recovered-alcoholic nut case changed your writing?
Who can call the reserve their home?
What were the most important benefits of the internship experience for you personally and for your organisation?
What are the long-term effects on delivery of medical care?
Which company is responsible for storage?
Why would he be assigned to a position of such responsibility if he was not yet competent?
What was the physical layout of the place where you were detained?
What is your Chamber's assessment, if any, of the role of the Euro in an international monetary system marked by strong global imbalances?
What would be the effect on your organization if there were no WP?
What norms, standards and political priorities may be agreed in the form of a non‑binding instrument at the international level?
Why does it matter that it is the majority of my fellow citizens, rather than the decisions of a monarch, that is overriding my will?
What information must the authorities provide in an emergency?
What is unique about rural from a determinants perspective?
Why does this document not cover the overall health benefits associated with breastfeeding?
When will the survey results be available?
Why would females prefer to mate with sexually experienced males?
What is the actual status of the contribution agreement and how is the IRCP presently funded?
Why is ABS important for Canada?
When is the Green Levy applied?
What percentage of coronary artery stenotic lesions are targeted for treatment with DES but must be treated with bare metal stents or unlicensed DES (obtained through Special Access) due to deliverability issues associated with the currently licensed DES?
What is being done to ensure that the law is implemented and the practice of female genital mutilation eradicated?
What are the responsibilities to them and what do we have the right to expect from them?
What can we do to get rid of these myths?
What are DFO's intentions if these First Nations attempt to increase their fisheries access unilaterally?
Why not channel production in those countries into their own local markets?
What's New?
What happens when a patent is jointly owned by two or more companies and institutions?
What impact on climate would rapid implementation by EU Member States of the European provisions already adopted for a Single European Sky have in comparison with the inclusion of aviation in the European emissions trading scheme?
Whose perspective should the evaluation adopt?
Who makes the decision though for a posting, the final say?
What are their powers and responsibilities?
Why should Canadians trust SIRC?
What surprised you most about gang operations?
What happens with the information I provide to the CRA?
What happens after an incident has been reported?
What are the plans on your campus to align at least some of your allocation of Chairs to cooperation with researchers from the South?
What is the optimal role of police officers in relation to the schools?
What should an auditor do if there is no design file or design history file?
What are the principles and processes supporting Renewal?
Who should I call at Foreign Affairs Canada or International Trade Canada DFAIT about doing business in a nother country?
Why is biodiesel becoming a popular commodity?
When we were asked to identify specifically two metrics for success for the issue that we were working on, has there been discussion on the metrics for success in terms of the priorities identified by Health Canada?
What new monitoring, data and models will be required to reduce the potential for water conflicts?
When is a good time to experience the spring migration?
Who bought Sophia Pooley when she was seven years old and brought her to Upper Canada?
What happens after the refugee status determination procedure?
What priority should the federal government place on modernizing the Privacy Act?
What should be included?
What is the effective date when costs are considered eligible under the CECR grant?
What are the lessons learned in different categories of self-government negotiation processes?
What would I like to know more about?
Where did the EU carry out démarches on the death penalty ?
What status will he or she have?
What Are Consular Services?
What are the processing times?
What are excise taxes and excise duties?
What, precisely, is the need that only such a process might satisfy?
Why has the government achieved so little, despite a large majority in Parliament, widespread backing among the population, and supportive media?
Which Projects Get Top Billing?
What could employers offer to entice their experienced employees to remain, sharing their knowledge with younger employees?
Where have we missed the mark – what have we missed?
Where to go for more information about the CBD and access and benefit sharing?
What happens if you have an abnormal Pap test result?
Why are some communities healthy and others not?
What is the consequence of failure to furnish an indication in time?
What can a municipality do to reduce lead levels in water?
What properties of PCBs account for their persistence and their widespread dispersal in the environment?
Why or why not?
What Aboriginal groups are affected by this agreement?
What Adjustments Should Be Made to the Price Paid or Payable?
What efforts have you made to find other sources of funding, from either the public or private sector?
Why are the English and French versions of the draft negotiating text not consistent?
What can be done to protect our lakes, rivers, groundwater and wetlands from further damage?
What is your experience with other partnership arrangements between the federal government and provinces/territories in achieving GHG emission reductions and/or in other areas?
What steps will you take to strengthen the human rights dimension of EC assistance to governments in third countries?
Where can I obtain information on a divorce granted in Canada?
Where is the balance between Economic and Cultural development?
Why social cohesion as a guiding idea and is it still relevant?
What is the purpose of the international search?
Where will public consultation get addressed?
What is a Natural Health Product International Trade Certificate?
What are these if they are not economic and social challenges that face HRDC?
Who should be addressing these issues and how?
What is a "soft region" in this case?
What kind of results can Canadians expect from this initiative?
What are we doing to become better prepared?
What are the differences between the PSHCP and the provincial plan?
What is the level of support the Going Global Program provides?
What is legal tender?
What are the top facilities, with the associated SIC codes for each, in terms of the quantities reported for total releases and disposals?
Which registered apprenticeship program had the highest enrolment in 2000?
Why are they transported by air, given the limited capacity and cost?
What if I am no good at it?
What proportion of these speciesâ€™ local habitat would be close to the facility, and what is the likelihood that birds will be displaying in close proximity to turbine blades?
What happens to scientific knowledge when it is transformed into art and into vehicles of advocacy and change?
Why such advice was required?
What risk and protective factors are most significant to the issues your group or organization is trying to address?
When you speak of gender issues, how important is it to distinguish between the "Western World" and the so-called "Developing World?
Who can intervene in a procurement complaint?
What would you do, as Commissioner, to accelerate progress towards the Lisbon goals, and what in your view should be the main priorities?
Where does responsibility for making these evaluations and communicating them, lie?
Why is it necessary to create this new Air Expeditionary Wing?
What is the procedure?
What is their social life like?
Where can the wider implications of the Petersberg humanitarian missions be discussed, and where can relevant policies be harmonized?
What relations does the museum have with other sports museums in the world?
When will this systematic dialogue take place?
Why a Cognitive Impairment in Aging Partnership?
What are the criteria for choosing submissions to be part of Phase One?
What do the OSCE Delegations of Finland, France, the Netherlands, Norway, Slovenia, Sweden and the United States, and most recently, Andorra, Belgium and Spain have in common?
What is the comparative distribution of coverage of various issues?
Why don’t BCRs have a standard format?
Which simplified returns does the CRA offer for individuals to whom much of the General return doesn't apply?
Which risks does your group wish to see audited or tracked?
What does the Commission propose to do about the cormorant problem?
What are the relevant signs that should be noted on physical examination?
What is the geographical scope of the FRA?
Where did they think they could have problems?
What packing material would best suit the product?
What are the characteristics of baseline data?
What you do in your holidays?
What does the law say about the ban?
While Apple's position may in part be influenced by legal challenges to its DRM system by European regulators, his voice will certainly cast new doubts on the industry's efforts to control the use of their music, as noted in his letter: Why would the big four music companies agree to let Apple and others distribute their music without using DRM systems to protect it?
What do you think will be the hardest times now?
What if I make several different products with the same ultrasound design and performance specifications?
What "renewable" options for portable drinking water do students consider to be environmentally responsible ones?
What information was used in other communities where a similar evaluation was undertaken?
What is a "scoping process"?
What is the name of the collective agreement that governs this employee's employment with your company?
Where do immature birds spend their first summer?
Who owns the Intellectual Property (IP) related to any material I may produce?
What are the reasons for this increase in obesity?
What will I need to support my claim for the tax credit?
When can a person be considered as an interpreter?
What's new?
What subjects dominate board meetings?
What are the challenges ahead ?
What are the Issues?
Why should there be such a restriction on community programming?
What are the project objectives?
What does it take to be British or German or American?
What have been the incremental impacts of CIAR?
When a non-advertised process is used, must a written rationale be prepared to demonstrate how this process meets the established criteria and the appointment values?
What is an appropriate role for universities to play in addressing the integration of internationally-educated professionals into the labour market?
Where are past participants of the Commonwealth and GCA program (work and live)?
What are your feelings on this change?
What are Spain’s priorities for the year and why?
What's included in the proposed Gwaii Haanas National Marine Conservation Area Reserve?
Who was the first woman elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1921, championing such causes as workers’ rights and pensions for seniors?
Which are the principles by which the EU policy towards sanctions or restrictive measures is guided?
What are the basic qualifications to be a CSO?
What are some of the plants you use?
Why?
What is the Voluntary Disclosures Program?
What project management training have you received?
What are the potential risks of xenotransplantation?
What advice would you give the government in respect of future moves of the head offices of federal agencies?
What's New on ResearchNet?
What is the procedure for passing though pre-board screening?
What factors have contributed to or limited its success?
Why irradiate food and how does irradiation protect food?
Why is Wood Smoke a Problem?
Why Consider Information and its Management in Risk Management?
What led commanders to accept without question the rigid ceiling on personnel?
What happens if a medical device is not approved?
What about guaranteeing delivery to foreign buyers of the production?
What is the scope of the population that would be issued an ID and, presumably, be recorded in the system?
What are the foods that will need to be declared under the new allergen labelling regulations?
Why can't the manufacturers just make more vaccines?
What risk?
What is a mutual fund?
What happens when people say "We're not getting paid, so why come to work?
What indicators will you use to measure the effects of the policy on women and men, boys and girls?
What are the implications of the alternative theories and the associated supporting empirical evidence for the role monetary policy can play in stabilising the economic cycle?
What is the experience with using existing trustmark schemes and what could be done to improve the trustmark schemes?
What is copyright?
Why, given our immense creative and production resources, should programs that speak to unique Canadian values and realities not find success in the on-demand environment of the Internet, where good material can get good responses and take advantage of the "long-tail" phenomenon?
What does this mean for budget making?
What means are available to reduce the risk?
What are the timelines for this project?
What does Minister Oda not understand, that makes it necessary for the Quebec government to call on almost all its federal ministers from Quebec to help the industry?
What lessons have been learned from similar national or international initiatives?
What message does this send to young people about the priority accorded to higher education?
Who Will Stop Zimbabwe’s Torturers?
What sort of time commitment is expected from the Scientific Director?
What would be accomplished by holding these meetings?
Who should have access to the relevant material?
What now?
Where spending requirements exist, should promotion expenditures related to Canadian programming count as Canadian spending for the purpose of meeting those requirements?
Where is NRCan in Modern Management?
What will each option mean for you and the soldiers?
What Outcomes Will Flow from Investing More?
What are our rights if new medicines or chemicals are derived from the rat root?
Who should I give this information to?
Who do you need to start working with?
Who is eligible for the medal?
What are the information gaps that LCDC should address through enhanced surveillance activities?
What are the minimum and maximum amounts payable to those infected?
Where does it see itself positioned within the international health research arena?
What percentage of the population of working age is without employment?
Why do good, ordinary people sometimes become perpetrators of evil?
What happens in the case of currency fluctuations?
What if we need more information before we assess your return?
Why do scientists use light stable isotopes in environmental research?
Why do you think this is so?
What risks need to be managed?
What is University Research Infrastructure?
What is the difference between the "magnitude" and the "intensity" of an earthquake?
What does the Public Service Employment Act mean for employees?
What mechanisms are available to help you assess whether or not the political activity you wish to engage in may be problematic?
What have the program delivery costs been (administration costs)?
What will be required of me during an investigation?
What did you enjoy about them?
What happens to my coverage when I leave the Public Service?
What are the most common side effects of XELODA?
What is the probability of occurrence within a specified geographical area and a set time frame?
What are the scientific evidences to support this conclusion?
Which printer can do the work in question?
What are the general selection procedures?
What is the nature of any such imperfections and how best to remedy them?
What types of projects are you now undertaking that would not have been possible without NIF funding?
What happens if my project is also covered under the provincial Water Regulations?
What can I submit for publication?
What is the position of legislators who receive indirect benefits as lawyers, employees, or financial advisors of persons or companies for whom they act?
Why are there so many snakes in the Interlake area?
What is your organization planning for March 8th, International Woman’s Day?
What precisely are the legal and practical differences between, on the one side the "modified rights model" and the "non-assertion model", and on the other side extinguishment of land rights?
What additional clinical trials or other studies are essential to further evaluate the potential cardiovascular risk of all NSAIDs (conventional and Cox-2 inhibitor)?
What Checks or Controls Will You Use?
Who would probably place a higher value on water, someone from Saskatchewan or Nova Scotia?
Why are these challenges and how can these challenges be addressed?
What is a Phrase?
Why do I have to pay Industry Canada and just what do they do for me?
Where did the most recent contact take place?
What types of research are produced and disseminated?
Which principle is most signiﬁcant for you personally/professionally?
What was it like to move from your parents’ place to another home?
What changes, if any, could be made to improve reporting on the Public Lending Right Program (to government and beneficiaries)?
What more can I add to what has been said or written?
What are the CANPASS - Private Aircraft program enrolment procedures?
What happens if the LLP student leaves the educational program?
Where do federal employees have language of work rights?
Which powers fall within the core of Aboriginal jurisdiction, rather than the periphery?
Where would we be in terms of maximizing the use of Canadian writing, acting and other creative resources; providing windows for Canadian independent producers; and creating a range of employment opportunities in broadcasting for Canadians?
Which of the women in Who Will Remember Us?
What do you remember from your Young Canada Works summer?
What Are We Talking About?
Which of those does he/she want to include, which of them can he/she afford not to include within the subject-matter teaching?
Why are cod stocks at such low levels?
Who approved the sponsorship to Canada Post?
When, why and by whom was WAADS created?
What measures have you taken or will you take to promote ViCLAS within your area of expertise?
Why did any ethical sense or sense of compassion for the victims appear to be almost totally absent during the deployment and its aftermath?
Why was there no advance consultation with, or advice sought, from an office which has special responsibilities for and sensitivity to privacy protection?
What are the possibilities of dialogue with those who do not share our world view, have a different interpretation of shared values or refuse to dialogue?
What impact would this have on the quality and quantity of arts training in Canada?
Why is this menace a matter of grave concern in Japan today, and a threat worth worrying about in the US?
What is the process?
What impacts, both positive and negative, were observed?
What type or organization do you represent?
What are Geospatial Web Services?
What standards should we expect?
What agents or chemicals are most likely to be used in a terrorist attack?
What are the consequences of this for Europe?
What can Moby Dick tell us about sea ice?
Why is the information being requested?
Who needs the information?
Which is still a high concern for most average SMEs six months after launching an e-commerce operation?
Where are we in the scheme of things?
What do you see others in your peer group doing to keep their brains healthy?
What will regeneration do to improve the field force operational readiness?
Which of your learning needs could be met by other learning service providers?
What are the start-up costs for salmon farm site?
What if it's too difficult to brush?
Which is your primary role in the music industry?
What are the Hardware/Software Requirements?
What's New?
What criteria should be used to define an adequately characterized concentration-time profile, and when can subjects with inadequate profiles be removed from the statistical analyses of the study data without negating the validity of the study?
What is your level of agreement or disagreement with the following statements regarding increased transparency, openness and accountability?
What message do you have for CF members regarding this achievement?
What is the anticipated completion date of this project?
Where do I send my completed notification form?
What kind of information will qualify as "new and valid information"?
Why is a price charged for the paper version of the Bulletin?
What do we mean by "adequate books and records?
While the case was a sad indictment of the capacity of Defence to tend to its injured, does it in fact satisfy the five criteria for morally justified whistleblowing?
When the taxi driver found out we were Inuit, he asked us: "Do you live in igloos?
Why look at attachment in immigrant and refugee families?
What if my spouse and I don’t own our home on a reserve?
Where is the real potential for gains that we can make on greenhouse gas reduction?
What are the environmental or health risks associated with acrylonitrile?
What are the impacts, both intended and unintended?
What are these measures in a specific context and how do they work in practice?
What is the extent of movement between adjacent lakes?
What are appropriate standards for reviewing protocols involving vulnerable populations including those with mental, addictive or neurological disorders?
What was it?
What about the various cultures of which it is composed?
What information does the investor expect to see in each section?
Why is everyone so concerned about climate change?
Where can I find additional information about QPIP?
What ideas did we have about Aboriginal (Indian) people and tobacco?
What kind of government does Canada have today?
What type of programmes, training and standards need to be set up to enable social workers develop their intercultural competences?
What national measures, procedures or mechanisms could be devised to meet these various challenges and, similarly, what should the Committee of Ministers do at the European level to ensure that its supervisory task meets them?
What are the main Council of Europe instruments against terrorism?
What is available to producers?
What role(s) does the general store play in the community?
What do these incidents have in common?
Why does so much have to be done by volunteers?
What explanations will you provide to the applicant’s lawyer?
Which body fluids contain sufficient doses of HIV for transmission?
What types of funding are available?
When you say they were "pencil-whipped", do you mean they were just inducted in?
What is your opinion of this questionnaire?
What type of treatment exists to remove mercury from blood?
What is known about the economic case for investment in population health strategies?
Who can sit on the Research Management Committee of a network?
What demonstrable progress has been made towards the achievement of early outcomes?
When is the revised Overhead Compensation Policy effective?
Who should benefit from any such protection or who hold the rights to protectable traditional knowledge?
Which of these strategies seemed to be most helpful?
What model for the decoupling system?
WhaT iS The purpOSe Of NaTiONal OCCupaTiONal STaNdardS?
Where can I get more information?
Why is action needed?
Who determines whether incapable persons should be medicated – physicians, a public official, a judge or perhaps a close relative?
What is significant about this approach?
What is meant by "misconduct" under the Act?
What are the most common kinds of regulations or approaches to regulation that hinder the provision of financial services, whether through local establishment or cross-border?
What’s the difference between a contribution and a grant?
What do these numbers suggest about the relevance of the Public Lending Right Program and the need for it?
What do you see as the challenges that the GBA directorate has faced in achieving its goals and objectives?
Which side has more points?
While embarking on the norm-setting initiatives, some fundamental questions would need to be squarely addressed, such as: Does the initiative contain the ability of the developing countries to innovate, to acquire know-how, to access goods at affordable prices?
Why should geographical indications benefit from presumption of protection when other forms of intellectual property did not?
While listening to the radio, have you ever heard a radio ad called "Seeds of Success"?
What is SED and its capabilities?
What advantages does the integrated collection initiative offer to Canadians?
What is MURS?
Who are the partners?
What is the impact of vaccine on herd immunity?
What were your reasons for becoming a partner in EXPO 2005?
Whither the US economy?
What are the funding limits?
What tools will be used to assess merit?
What is the Impact on Our Water Supply?
What’s New?
What Modifications Should be Made to the Canadian Biotechnology Strategy?
What approach should the Correctional Law Review adopt to the exercise of the federal criminal law power as it pertains to provincial correctional authority?
Who’s in control here?
When the aging population begins to peak with the rising costs of pharmaceuticals and technology, with the expectations of people of my generation who are used to good health and immediate access to the best of care - how do we define coverage to fit our means and develop a public consensus?
Which common conventions for organizing, presenting and navigating information should you consider?
What was the date of the patient's latest appointment?
What Does It Mean For Public Service Employees?
What if you don't train your staff, and they stay?
What is the length of the licence term?
What are the consequences of not meeting the June 1, 2005 date?
What were your targets for the reporting period?
What makes the accomplishments of this person exceptional?
What changes did this bring about in their households and in the community related to the status of women?
What is the basic mandate of AGD, as derived from Ministerial, Deputy Ministerial, or Program Management Board decisions at the time of the establishment of the Bureau?
Where did he decide to go for help?
When we are successful, what will we see?
Why do participants in financial markets trade on the advice of cable TV personalities when a small amount of number-crunching reveals that the benefits must be lower than the transactions costs incurred by over-frequent trading?
What about compact fluorescent lamps for example?
What is the reporting entity report reference number?
What are the strengths of the design of the participation elements?
What kinds of mechanisms would contribute to the practical implementation of these values?
What about the issues of seniors and elder abuse and palliative care?
What is being done now?
What is the infrastructure cost to support vehicles?
What alternative models exist to promote innovation?
What recourse rights do I have?
Why do they underwrite risks that drive their banks to the brink of bankruptcy?
What do you need to do to improve it further for the future?
What is the most appropriate time of day for assessment?
When it is a raw material, is it changed into something else or merely mixed into the finished product?
What are British travellers looking for in their next trip to Canada?
What are their intentions regarding remaining in the FPS?
What would those cases be about?
What are the risks inherent in the initial situation?
Which is More Important—Your Job or Your Well-Being?
Whether all previous contributions have been repaid where applicable?
Who was reached with the follow-up survey?
Whom can I contact if I don't feel I am receiving adequate information and follow up by my doctor?
What is the right response to these expectations?
Why would the Prime Minister, who tried then to mislead Canadians about climate change and the Kyoto Protocol, be any more credible now on this issue?
Which of these two models would you prefer?
What role for the ESF in future road maps for action?
What is your view on the reverse auction process used to evaluate PERRL bids?
What is a JVM?
What were the key human rights issues behind the trial?
What are Indians looking for in their next trip to Canada?
When should we expect the commodity code and description applicable to each code be available to us in a form that can be loaded into a computer?
What are the consequences of health status for rural communities?
Where do you get your leather equipment today?
Why am I being punished–I suppose you could call it being punished, it's not a gift–for coming down to New Brunswick?
Why or why not, and with what effect?
What effect do obligations for monopolies and exclusive service providers have on services covered by the GATS?
Who's most likely to experience psychosis?
What About the Other Half of "Access to Professions and Trades"?
Who can make a claim for survivor allowance?
What percentage are mortgage-free?
What is NATO against, the Russians ask?
What is your recommendation for the manuscript?
What special meaning do you think it might have for that person?
When are calls for proposals made?
What is being discussed that is open to change?
What maximum period of time will be required by the Department to complete its Ownership and Control determination for a given carrier?
What questions should we consider when discussing knowledge management?
What percentage of these businesses are innovative?
What constitutes a small business?
What are the core messages from this report?
Which costs can be identified directly with the cost object(s) and purpose, and which costs are less direct, such as the cost of supporting activities?
What evaluation, monitoring or other accountability mechanisms are in place for this work, within the initiative and within your organization?
What impact does it have on their governance and on their (financial and non-financial) criteria for assessing performance?
What annual reporting and/or periodic reviews by the Department of Canadian Heritage do you think should be implemented regarding MAP?
What law governs issues going to the scope and extent of a transfer: – – The (single) law of the contract?
Why does this not happen in agriculture?
What personal information do we collect, for what purpose and through which technical means?
What is the relationship between electronic and paper records for the EPR/ICWS sites in respect of: availability of data, integrity, compliance with standards, volume of paper generated and reduction in clerical activity?
What is your understanding of the intent of the OTC?
What is the highest grade of elementary or high school (secondary school) that you have completed?
Who then will stop their advance towards Russia’s southern borders from Afghanistan and Central Asia?
What factors would you take into consideration?
What rate of tax applies to the credit amount given to me?
When can I apply?
What rights and responsibilities does it impart on you and your employees?
Whose Gene Pool Hides Gold?
Where the rules for a program do not permit this, public servants have little option but to go back for new authorities, Should we have a policy to protect whistleblowers to prevent possible future debacles?
What will I find on the new Web site?
When will the EGF be up and running?
Who’s Most at Risk?
What is a "primary consumer" and how does it interact in an ecosystem?
What is the nature of the current digital information landscape and from which perspective(s) should it be defined?
What impacts is the Transformation having on the L1s, ECSs, DOS/SJS, C Prog, and the Commanders of the new Command structure?
What are the biggest risks to the project not being completed?
What if people who object to it are told to choose between having their privacy and having a job?
When can communities access these monies?
What is the scope and scale of the TFW program in the Canadian construction industry?
Where did the EU carry out démarches on torture and ill-treatment?
Why is it important that I maintain my level of certification?
What exactly is multiple listing?
What should your total debt load be?
What is a beneficial management practice?
What is the language that you first learned at home in childhood and still understand?
Who had access to earlier drafts of the complete text in Canada?
What would be the right balance between Canadian and international content in the CHMR?
What circumstances might allow for the use of a foreign or internationally accepted comparator?
Where do they come from, and where do they go?
What is Home and Continuing Care?
Why should the Federal Reserve allow long-term interest rates to spike just because other central banks have ceased their dollar-purchase programs?
Why is it that we frequently overlook the talent that we have within our organization in favour of recruiting from a vast pool of unknowns?
What is the 'industry standard'?
What can I do to prevent AMR and maintain the usefulness of antibiotics currently available for the treatment of human infections?
What role do you see the EESC playing in this process?
What projects are being supported by the New Media Research Networks Fund?
What about Your Health and Your Personal Resources?
What role will Arianespace play in the assembly of the International Space Station (ISS)?
Where can I find information on the VHF band plan ?
What is the role of the External Advisory Group on Embracing Change?
What are the potential direct and indirect outcomes of the proposal?
What conditions will need to be present if that development is to happen?
What are the advantages to using this energy source?
Why produce a new video?
What items can you wait to acquire until you are an established homesteader?
Why is the nutrient profile from the CNF different than the one calculated from the Recipe Proportion Database?
What are the views of civil society groups working on issues related to the FTAA agenda?
What are the important obligations of the GATS?
What is the main source of funding for university Research and Development?
Why don’t pirates get carpal tunnel syndrome?
Which administrative entity should apply it?
What is the name given to the octagonal military structure located on the point (a replica of which is open to visitors today), and which was used as an observation tower, a warehouse, a hospital and an ammunition depot?
What are the biggest obstacles to intercultural dialogue?
What do the solidarity clause and the mutual assistance clause say and which areas of member states’ security and defence are covered by them?
What were their duties and how did they live?
Why is it that we allow people with known ties to terrorist organizations to retain their citizenship or refugee status to stay in Canada?
When we say "providers," who do we mean?
Why do industry and governments develop Food Safety, Food Quality and Resource Protection policies?
Which financial, technical or other conditions will be required?
Why is there a need for a Directive on energy end-use efficiency?
What positions have federal political parties taken regarding Senate reform?
What kinds of information do you use regularly?
Why are Canada’s federal electoral boundaries changing?
What symbols did they use to reinforce their position as powerful rulers?
Which god was given the task of enlightening humans and giving them wisdom?
What are the benefits and costs to participants, host employers, communities and government as a ult of NB Job Corps (considering UI/SA savings, net change to income tax revenue, health costs, and other tors)  What does NB Job Corps cost per participant?
Why doesn’t Father worry about the wolves?
When you decided to come to Canada, how did it happen?
What are the auditors looking for?
Which Stent size should I choose if I intend to place the Stent in a vessel that has a different diameter between the proximal and distal ends of the Stent?
What are official language requirements for e-mail within the federal government?
Who is surveyed?
What time is built in for questions and answers?
Why not try to salvage what is left of it by following a few simple steps?
What are the key goals, objectives, and/or long-term targets of the SDS?
What are my strategies for attracting and retaining designated group members?
What evidence supports the need for a changed entry-to-practice credential?
What has been the effect of limiting patentability on innovative research?
What is your busiest season (fiscal year 2003)?
What are the symptoms of Anthrax?
Where appropriate, do the priority-setting processes appropriately integrate internal stakeholders’ requirements?
What do you not like about AAFC Online?
What form might it take instead?
What was the date of the patient's first appointment for this illness or injury?
What Are The Components of The Ideal Movie?
Where are these recovered monies directed?
Why are we interested in marginal costs?
What formal or informal support networks do they have?
Where are they training?
What do stakeholders think of SEPA's impact on consumers?
What language(s) do you commonly use?
What would be the impact of a regional licensing approach on the licence fees that cable undertakings pay to the Commission?
Where is Diabetes on the National Agenda?
What is the relationship between CIHR`s activities and those of other research agencies involved in peer review?
What type of housing does not qualify?
What rights do these provisions transfer?
Why would the media tend to ignore the Majority's key statement?
What is the niche of the NCE Program given the current national R&D funding environment?
Which province has the most National Parks?
What other formalities must be observed upon renewal?
What will be the criteria the European Union would use in deciding whether it was necessary for it to intervene in a crisis which broke out in one part of the world or another?
What is the likely impact of the intervention, and how can it be minimized or managed?
What were the strengths and weaknesses of the partnerships?
Why does information on its way to my friends who work in DND field units have to pass through a multitude of intermediaries who decide, often on the most erratic and inconsistent basis imaginable, who gets to see what?
What are the fiscal years to be included in the costing exercise?
What held them together through so many crises?
Why is this such an important issue?
What are some of the successes you’ve had communicating with others?
What multimedia tools and e-learning activities are used in e-learning?
What are the structural and professional barriers to efficient use and delivery?
What other instruments are necessary for crisis prevention and management?
What have been the challenges or barriers to achieving the objectives?
What information needs to ﬂow and through what channels?
What if I want them there to witness the condition of my car or the position of the vehicles involved in the collision?
Which reserve did you live on with your former husband/common-law partner?
Why should Health Canada be able to decide what a Natural Health Product can or cannot say in regards to claims of health benefit?
What privacy rules apply to the records where there is no relevant provincial or territorial statute?
Who may submit an application to the visa office in Paris?
What factors would be important to implement CSH effectively in your school?
What do you need/want to learn?
What role might law and/or collective agreements negotiated between the social partners play in promoting access to training and transitions between different contractual forms for upward mobility over the course of a fully active working life?
What needs to be included in the application?
Whatever happened to noise discipline in the field?
What are you doing when you teach those guys how to sing the song?
Why was it not enough to prove that the Bosnian Serb military leadership was financed and paid by Serbia and that it was tightly connected to Serbia political and military leadership?
What has been the impact of MII on human resources management within the Research Branch?
What evidence would you need to see to be willing to treat asymptomatic vulnerable plaque in coronary arteries?
What is the impact of STIHR on transdisciplinary research productivity and competitiveness?
What questions does the Canada Gazette answer in its materials?
What expenses are eligible?
What are the steps to obtain a division of pension benefits?
What if you receive an additional refund?
What are the names of the three searchable databases available on this site?
What is your vision of where you want to go in terms of your activity and sustainable development?
What percentage of your resources are dedicated towards prevention at this point?
What are the expected observable outcomes of achieving the objectives?
Which organizations have done so unsuccessfully, and what has been their key lessons learned?
What do you believe makes your university unique?
While our lakes, maple forests, and other traditional images capture the French imagination, why does Canada make them — make you — dream?
What is the difference between a food intolerance and a food allergy?
What Can We Learn from Other Countries?
What is different as a result of our Stairway to Health program?
What effect does permafrost have on groundwater?
What is the current analogue and digital presence of public service broadcasting1 (terrestrial, cable, satellite)?
When is the repayable contribution disbursed to the applicant?
What about the advertising which takes place on American television and is picked up in Canada?
What effect will the new housing rebate claim of $7,560 have on the calculation of the transitional rebate?
What is the significance of this milestone for the OSCE?
What are Support Measures?
When should you tell the employer that you can't work on Tuesday nights?
When do you expect the thesis to be submitted?
What are the expected results of the program?
Why study work-life conflict?
What rights, if any, do others (relatives, employers, insurers) have to such genetic information?
What can I do?
What are the tax obligations of an employee of the Canadian government?
Where do I submit my application?
What gives sport its meaning and value?
What were the results of the news the article was reporting on?
Who in your organization is responsible for establishing the technology strategy and related investment program?
When were you last physically present in Canada?
What role do your parents play in curriculum development, delivery and evaluation?
What happens if amendments to accountability agreements are made mid-year?
What priority should be assigned to more active Canadian participation in the work of the NMSG to increase Canada’s ability to fight effectively as part of future NATO CJTF’s?
What can we give them that equals what they have - they have money, drugs, friends -how can we change that and what can we offer?
What are the key elements of ADR?
What day are the animals celebrating?
Where do these processes come from and who should develop them?
What are the added value of the mutual form as regards other types of societies, based on the same values of solidarity – as co-operatives and associations?
What are the levels of such subsidies, relative to those applied by major national competitors, as judged by the calculated measure of market price support for the commodity in question?
While women have long complained that they have always been treated by male physicians, was anyone concerned about the fact that men have been treated by an almost exclusively female nursing staff" [Translation]?
What is a regional or minority language?
What changes, if any, are required to Canada's sectoral investment regimes to minimize or eliminate negative impacts on Canada's competitiveness?
What do I need to be able to claim a preferential rate of duty for my goods?
Why are you doing that?
What do you believe best describes the rate of patient compliance in submitting a stool sample when one has been requested?
What should be the obligation if there is no national regime in the country of origin?
What does their presence in the market mean about their safety?
Where can I find further details?
When is the status of Kosovo going to be decided?
Where would these searches likely occur?
What is HACCP or Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point System?
When they fail to exercise, why is this?
What is the significance of the different color robes?
What are the challenges and limitations?
What is the attendance rate for the program/activity?
Who is responsible for the GRP Project?
What do you think of the Action Plan?
Why should you consider a job at Natural Resources Canada?
What can be done between now and the next fiscal year in terms of practical adjustments?
What kind of ongoing training, coaching or preparation do they need, and what form should it take?
What is the status of the Whooping Crane?
What do you intend to do to reduce disparities within African societies?
Why So Many Tests?
What advice would you provide to key decision-makers in this process?
When is donor stewardship considered to include an implicit solicitation of support?
Why did you say that?
What are musculoskeletal injuries (MSIs)?
Who were Irma Levasseur and Catherine Jérimie?
What is the Canada Health Infoway or health infostructure?
What could be better for a privacy commissioner than an audience that wants to "explore the emerging information and technology issues"?
What warnings about smoking appear?
What measures have been taken or implemented to combat sexual harassment at work?
When do we recalculate your CCTB?
What is the CRA doing to stop the growth of the tax debt?
What was done during the session?
What's Next?
What is the Agency's role in bilateral air negotiations?
What can you say about the weather?
What are the safeguards?
What programs, if any, would you remove and why?
What are the implications for foreign policy for Canada, which has always been a fairly safe country that could pick and choose where it put its emphasis in foreign policy, compared let’s say to Bosnia, which doesn’t have a lot of options?
Why implement Integrated Risk Management?
What was necessary to create an enabling environment?
Why is This Report Organized Around a Population Health Framework?
What measures will Canada take to phase out and eliminate existing PCBs?
What do I need to do to maintain my grandfathered privileges?
What would the filing date of the return be if it takes more than a day to successfully transmit a return?
What information do I need to provide?
What are the benefits to using CANPASS Air?
Where is your lawful excuse?
What is meant by an "environmental matter in the context of sustainable development?
What are our group's research priorities?
What is it about Africa that draws you to it?
Where are the existing strengths and opportunities for building capacity?
When will a SARS vaccine be available?
Why are Priority Review request packages limited to 20 pages in length?
Why are baby teeth important?
What are the materials that can best help us to develop students’ or trainee teachers’ intercultural competence?
Where do you get the working capital you need to fill the order?
What is a pesticide?
What Should Elections Accomplish?
Who will they serve and how big will they need to be?
Why do you think you were asked that?
What is a promotion program?
What kind of help is available?
What do you think the answer to that is?
What is PREZISTA used for?
What has been the program’s contribution to the capacity of universities to produce (and apply) new knowledge?
What kind of projects does the program support?
What is the Commission of Inquiry into the Actions of Canadian Officials in Relation to Maher Arar?
What will INAC do now that it has the Final Conciliation Report?
What improvements would you like to see to the Hague System?
What is public perception of the role of Health Canada?
What does he have to say about the Pierce article?
What are the cost implications of ensuring privacy?
What are the key challenges in this respect?
What were the benefits of this internship for the mentor?
What would be the cost implications of greater electronic disclosure?
Who Are the Parents of Young Canadian Children?
What did we deliver in 2000–01?
What are the principal tools that the Council of Europe can use to enhance the respect of migrants’ human rights?
Who then was responsible for the increased patrols during this time?
What impact does it have on this case?
Why is the mighty Chinese Communist Party deploying all of its powers to kidnap – no word better describes what happened – such a tiny enemy?
What could drive poor immigrants like this, former soldiers sworn to defend their empire, converts to a pacifist religion, to take up arms against their king?
Where can I get more information about the tradesperson's tools deduction?
Which comes closest to your own opinion?
What empirical questions need to be answered and what evidence or data is needed to help address these important ethical issues?
What is the process for developing IT Community Generics?
Why use biological treatment of water?
What have you seen as far as an increase in counselling you've had to give because of ASD?
What if they owned two devices?
What is the origin of these distortions?
What impacts were observed from program delivery under the partnering arrangement?
Where do researchers who are engaged in obesity-related work access funding?
What is the risk level of regulatory concern?
What efforts were taken to find out about the current state of the technology?
What is the rate of interest?
What is the case in your community?
What if a defect was found during the investigation, but it does not affect the person selected for appointment?
Whither Africa’s "Frontier Markets"?
What are the most recent developments?
What options are there for placement of the table?
When should policy-makers consider the evidence of causation substantial enough to act on it?
What are the lags between falls in substance abuse and reductions in the various categories of social costs?
What are the next steps after the consultation process is complete?
When will the Agency be fully operational?
What facilities in Ontario are recognized for their treatment of pulmonary diseases?
What intensity of stress will be generated by the effect?
What is your company’s future growth plan?
Why not decide together that ten years hence our streets will be the safest they can be -- not because we have the largest number of prisons or police, but rather because we have faced squarely the sources of crime?
What was (candidate’s) attitude toward developing needed new skills?
Why should I choose CANMET-MMSL's reference materials?
What do I do if I am not sure whether a product contains sulphites or sulphite derivatives?
Which Parliamentary process should be proposed?
Who is responsible for payment?
What needs to happen to make this vision a reality?
What is the number of questions, the time allotted, the expected length of responses to be provided orally or in writing?
What procedures are in place to regulate such reports?
What role can the state play in preserving social cohesion in the context of a global economy?
What about an on-line, interactive question and answer session on specific topics?
Why can’t I pick up and handle the MLM?
Where do you smoke the most?
Where can I find information about food safety, such as safe food handling and food preparation tips?
When people lose their health in an urban squatter community or in a poor rural village, should we differentiate their priority in terms of whether the condition is communicable or non-communicable?
What are the obligations arising from the decision?
Who will deliver the service?
What is your vision for the National Partnership Accord?
What happens if two parties have an   equal number of seats in the Commons?
Why would involvement of a formal post-marketing surveillance been important?
Which institutions can order and/or authorise the use of SITs?
Where risk assessment is being applied, is risk management being practiced?
What is the best method, and how should it be paid for?
Which, if any, significant problems or barriers have you encountered - or do you anticipate - when using electronic means whilst participating in public procurement in other EU Member States?
What about other contamination?
What jobs are most appropriate for teleworking?
Why do you campaign against environmental destruction?
What proof does the attendee need to provide in order to claim the rebate?
What languages does Jimmy’s family speak?
What Industry Representatives have shown interest in the AOPS project?
Who are Personal Communications Services for?
Which of the following is indicated for use as a single agent for the treatment of an acute asthma attack?
Who does CAHR work for?
What innovation successes do you see now in this region?
What kinds of training might you need?
Which of our founder's philosophies do you think is still most relevant in the operation of our business today?
What would their parents be telling them was most important in regard to raising children?
What Structures Should be Established for CBHSs?
What are the major differences between the Russian and the European Union’s approaches to research & development (R&D)?
What happens after the investigation is concluded?
Why do some provinces have "quasi-"scientific groups doing safety and efficacy reviews?
Why are CF personnel under QPIP entitled to 18 weeks of maternity leave and allowances while those in receipt of EI benefits receive 17 weeks?
What additional records do corporations have to keep?
What changes have you noticed, and what have the implications been for the Public Lending Right Program?
Which documents support the assertions about the technological advancement?
Who is a Commissioner for Oaths and what role does he, or she play?
What shape of dock will best accommodate your wish list of activities?
What is required if we modify certified equipment?
What changes, if any, would you make to the Status of the Artist Act?
Why is your job such a source of pride for you?
Why is Parks Canada conducting this study?
What is Said in the Media About Substance Addiction Issues?
What sort of feedback are you getting on that program right now?
What types of production are being shot in digital formats?
What has the PHCTF achieved to date?
What should Canada's foreign policy priorities be in the 21st century?
What are the different sensitivities of the 25 member states regarding the future of European defence?
What is the potential for the project to generate conflict between environmental and social or economic values of concern to the public?
What traditional and non-traditional sports are played in Iqaluit?
What is an Electronic Health Record?
What is the difference between the Commission and the tribunal?
Where are the NRC institutes located?
Which of the following drugs causes the least sedation?
What is the Cover Crop Protection Program (CCPP)?
What can be done to streamline the way in which politicians and officials in recipient developing countries interact with politicians and officials in donor governments and organisations?
When is genetic testing helpful for the health of individuals, families or at-risk populations?
Why is there more matter than antimatter?
Where are we starting from (baseline measurements)?
Who should you contact first?
What are the main challenges you foresee in the next few years?
What steps should pregnant and breastfeeding women take to reduce their risk of getting West Nile virus?
Which mandatory actions will be taken and by which deadlines?
What M&S techniques are available and are they adequate to address HR requirements of 2020?
What would be your perception if the funds were sent directly from NDHQ to the MFRC?
What parameters of "time" and "place" are needed to appropriately restrict the exclusive right to "on-demand" communication?
What is ARIMIDEX?
What if you are missing information?
What impact will continuing globalization have on materials, products, and housing in Japan?
What happens when the size of a linguistic group expands?
Who do I contact for more information?
What do we have to do to ensure that Canadians really do enjoy a quality of life second to none?
What caused the big changes in the 1700s and 1900s?
Where do you typically look for candidates?
What is the opinion of the committee?
What initiatives exist to improve the outreach and communication methods of the Agreement?
What possibilities exist for greater sharing of search databases?
Where would we be in relation to the objectives of reflecting Canadian artistic creativity, displaying Canadian talent and mirroring the circumstances and aspirations of Canadian men, women and children?
What would be reportable in this case?
What will happen if you are infected with syphilis while pregnant?
Who benefits from the Food Mail Program?
What is the Social Union Framework Agreement?
When do I apply for the Canada Child Tax Benefit (CCTB)?
What are my options for release of this semen?
What controls apply to representations made to health professionals?
What are the scope, goals and objectives of the HA?
What else should patients know about taking Ebixa®?
What about differences in the health care system?
Why would this be important to sturgeon?
What tools or indicators are useful for quantifying the far-field or ecosystem-scale fish habitat effects of shellfish aquaculture?
What’s the Navy doing at CFB Borden?
What about your professional association?
What type of actions will the pilot project support?
What changes have been made to the monitoring activities of the FVO on the basis of the new hygiene rules?
What were the assembly histories of local galaxies?
What if the Agency does not find in my favour?
What are NRC-IRAP Industrial Technology Advisors and how can they help my business?
What are some key project activities under the program?
When amendment or cancellation is being done manually (by paper) to the investor's T3, should the agent amend or cancel the slip (the portion that contains the sum of all the distributions) and indicate "AMENDED" or "CANCELLED" on it and forward a copy to CRA, or does the agent have to amend or cancel each fund individually and send copies of the multiple slips to CRA?
Where can I learn more about ARIMIDEX?
What is a Health for All policy?
What role has, and should the CEIA play in implementing the IA Policy?
What does it cost to submit an Assessment Report?
What do you feel will be the main domestic constraints on Canadian hog-pork sector growth over the next five years?
What is the relationship of IC94-4R to IC87-2R, International Transfer Pricing?
Why would the best qualified lawyer who has attained a grade in the Canadian Forces which warrants a higher salary than that of a Military Judge apply for the position given that the retirement pension will be based on the average of his or her best five years salary?
What are the best types of exits when the stock market is not receptive?
Who’s Doing What?
What is the Primary Health Care Transition Fund?
Whom should I contact for supplementary medical coverage?
What are the strengths of these mechanisms?
Who will deliver the new educational program and is there a need to involve any other educational institution?
What will be the impact on university governance?
Where do the Guidelines apply?
When would you suggest is the best time as an NCO to receive training as a charge laying authority (Check one) ?
What are the main obstacles hampering progress in this respect?
What is the extent of the continuing need for investment in research infrastructure?
Who is consulted in developing Canada's approach to international trade negotiations?
What is this government doing to ensure that these discriminatory rules are not applied to disqualify Canadian suppliers and citizens?
What if the election is not beneficial?
What is your religious background?
What would help you to be the father that you aspire to be?
What does the Canadian Environmental Assessment Agency do?
What do we know?
What is a Training and Networking project with Neighbouring Partner Countries?
Who will this program benefit?
What is safe storage and use of bottled water?
What impacts are health professionals facing now due to a patient privacy issue which could impact on the success of a mandatory reporting system?
What are the strengths and weaknesses with respect to CIHR's four pillars?
What types of trends can intelligence services highlight?
Why don’t we train more?
What is the cause of the heap or stratiform structure of clouds formed over a mountain range?
Why formulate one strategy for a motley collection of countries in which Russia has such differing foreign policy interests?
What services, approaches, and strategies can we use to assist students who are experiencing difficulties?
What were the main reasons for discontinuation?
What was the patient’s communication ability at time of incident?
What is the absolute location (latitude and longitude) of Badger, Newfoundland and Labrador?
What are the issues associated with waste fats and greases?
What are these trends that influence the way society thinks about, values and uses biological diversity at the beginning of a new millennium?
What does the Minister of National Defence do?
Why is obesity increasing almost everywhere?
What, if any, changes have occurred?
What is the level of awareness of critical housing-related situations?
What would you change in your career to feel more motivated?
Which of the subsets are additionally being considered through application of tools, and which tools are being applied?
Why not have a take note debate on how we are going to deal with providing the resources that our policing authorities at all levels need and what direction we have to give to the courts to ensure that the legislation we pass is not only good legislation but is enforced and properly adjudicated?
Which products are typically affected?
What chances did you have to promote your new experiences and skills?
What Are The Benefits For Authorized Service Providers?
What would lead Health Canada to recall a food product?
When did Canada being monitoring the ozone layer?
What are the characteristics of participant employers?
Who are these dissenters and are they credible?
What are the two main sources of error affecting precipitation gauges?
What level must students have reached in their language studies in order to take part in Juvenes Translatores?
What types of ﬁnancing are they providing?
What are the main environmental concerns over generating electricity with non-renewable fuels (coal, oil, gas, nuclear)?
What is the Canadian Farm Families Options Program?
What degree of confidence did the United Kingdom Government have that Iran would honour its commitments on disarmament?
What would the general parameters of these powers be?
What would they do, watch tapes all day on the off chance that they might spot something useful?
When business cards are printed?
What are the specific subjects to which these laws and their safeguards in fact relate?
What can I do to get the findings of my trial reviewed?
What, then, are we to make of the importance now attributed to the internationalization of our universities?
Which of these points of view is closer to your own?
Who has the responsibility for notification?
What happens as a result of climate change?
What will define success for Canada in Afghanistan?
What measures have been taken by the Government to enforce application of pay equity legislation and settlements?
Where should we place our priorities for proactive health policy for the next decade?
What conditions are attached to the approval of Shell's Jackpine Project?
Who is responsible for marine search and rescue?
Who can verify their previous visits, and how?
What is the total cost of the distribution system in the area?
What guidelines or "best practices" did your firm use as a benchmark or as a guide for developing its e-business capacity?
What Can You Do?
What is the gold standard to compare against?
Why self-government in the Beaufort-Delta region?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of the delivery process?
Which accountability aspects do you think should be connected directly to funding?
Which sectors get the most aid - economic infrastructure or social programmes?
What baselines are going to be used for food safety and quality targets?
What security measures are used?
What are "predominant jobs"?
Where would you expect the weaker winds, at A or B?
What values are reflected in each position?
What results did these changes bring forth?
Why should you answer yes to the informed consent question on the census?
Why not adopt the same measures for our political leaders?
What would you do, as a Commissioner, to deal with this problem ?
What are Reflecting Skills?
What are the policy initiatives, if any, currently being discussed in your Chamber to raise the growth prospects of the euro-area economy as a whole and of your country in particular, especially in the context of your macroeconomic programmes?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of the management team?
What can she do to support their learning and growth?
What Is Health Surveillance?
Who are the global players (or social operators) forming such a worldwide intellectual property legal system?
What sources are relevant?
Who decides if a foreign national will be granted a temporary resident visa?
What did the writers of stories like "Decision for Gunplay", "Badlands Purge", "Tales of the North West Mounted Police", "Combats sanglants", "Le cow-boy au coeur tendre", and "Le Perroquet des prairies" accomplish?
What impact does this decision have on Northwestel?
What would be the disadvantages?
What is it?
What are the physical characteristics of our solar system?
What kind of things are you doing in the organization, is Health Canada doing in the area of corporate culture or retention for example?
Why does Canada participate in overseas operations?
What is the current state of Firm’s technology?
When Does the Act Apply?
What impact would this have on health care premiums/contributions … for the well, for the ill, equalized across all citizens, customized to the individual health care situation?
What does average, or even aggregate, farm income mean in this context?
Why are you sending me these forms (TX11D, TX11E, T2051A, T2051B)?
What are the positive and negative impacts of relocating a company?
Why do people do things such as volunteer to help others?
What are Global Value Chains?
What do you envision for next year at CATSA?
What kind of programs need to be put into place to encourage you and other practitioners to conduct and participate in research studies?
What were the perceived obstacles?
What is a national electronic health records system, and why is it so powerful?
Why did you decide to settle in Kandahar?
What is the eligible amount of the gift for receipting purposes?
What is the process for reviewing proposals and selecting projects for support under CHIPP?
Who is a qualifying taxpayer?
What are the projected resources the Government can expect over the coming five years?
When you prepped and recovered your aircraft today, were conditions safe?
What is Canada doing in response to the threats facing Nahanni National Park Reserve?
What do you think the objectives of seal management in Atlantic Canada should be?
What programs does your school offer?
Who is the environmental policy's designated authority?
What typically happens to researchers from your institution who are unsuccessful in the competitions?
Where the special issues in consent for behavioral or neurogenetic testing or screening?
What are the proposed Codex Guidelines on Vitamin and Mineral Supplements?
What niche will Canada fill in the field of drug development?
Why do you need to get into another school?
What should we be doing as development workers?
What is the potential reason for the outlying observation?
Which industries are experiencing the most job growth?
Who can you call for encouragement?
When one cannot perform  the basic and essential requirements of a job, does this mean that the  employment is not continued on a "prohibited ground of discrimination"  just because a mental disability underlies the inability to perform  the basic and essential tasks?
What concrete evidence can the department provide that illustrates that the issue is being dealt with adequately?
What doses have previously been marketed in Canada?
What changes have occurred in either ownership or orientation since the business was started?
Why do you have to pay tax by instalments?
What do you see as the greatest achievement of the European Social Fund over the past five decades?
What is an industrial design?
What do we do if the studies can’t produce definitive answers?
What comptrollership needs are suggested by the above?
Why should I consider mentoring for my business?
What can we do in the face of this reality to preserve and fulfill our mandate as defined in the Broadcasting Act?
What groups does the strategy serve?
Where appropriate, how will the clinical trial track and account for female menstrual cycles?
What happens in Canada when marketers marketing health products have access to some of our private insurance health records, records from hospitals and patient-doctor records?
What must we do to make that happen?
What do we mean by the "environment"?
What happens if a mill starts using NPE-containing products only after 2005?
Who has the authority to change the Weights and Measures Specifications or make new Specifications?
Where will your family be?
Why?
What can I recycle besides paper and plastic?
Who knows whether the Asian bird virus will undergo a mutation which might sweep the globe?
When can you have access to these facilities?
What are the key goals, objectives, and/or long-term targets of the SDS?
What about improvement of basic services, enhancement of rural development, transparency and access to information?
What is the Industrial and Regional Benefits (IRB) Policy?
What actions have been taken to address the recommendations of the Mid-Term review?
What are the next steps that CIHR should take?
Why do you think your own personal risk of contracting HIV is low?
Which of these two is correct in his or her assessment of medical residency?
Why don’t we help each other, instead of hiding our faces and looking for someone to blame?
What is the effect, if any, of these contracts on the organization's right to accept donations for charitable purposes and to issue income tax receipts in respect of them?
Which hand signal can be combined with any motion signal?
Which arrow(s) indicating the movement of this air mass?
What action do you take at this accident situation?
What have you done to maintain superior quality?
What documents would contain that information?
What is the influence of cultural or social context on conceptions of decision-making capacity?
What's Up in the Wild World Are snakes slipping in Saskatchewan or birds burgeoning in Alberta?
What characteristics of the Maya culture make it a great civilization?
Why develop a Corporate Risk Profile at Health Canada?
What impact did the transnational project have?
What measures could be taken at Community level to encourage their development?
Who should process information, each and every one of us or professional journalists only?
What is Organizational Culture?
Why a National Review on Internal Communications in HRDC?
What role do stakeholders have in preparing the description of Designated Place and the Statement of Commemorative Intent?
Why did these facts spark your interest?
What are your committee's priorities?
What type of experience or knowledge could an intern expect to acquire working in your organization?
What is your vision for SSHRC for the coming years?
What recommendations do you have to move towards the future described above?
What is a reasonable pool of potential candidates?
What provision has to be made for the protection of copyright?
What is the status and contractual capacity of a self-governing First Nation?
What is your progress to date?
What is the typical residence time for groundwater?
Where are we at in the process?
Why are low inflation conditions considered necessary for good economic growth?
What happens if we remove the stress?
What is the impact on the Canadian industry of extending these aircraft negotiations?
What are WIPO's conclusions regarding the change in workload volume during and after automation?
What kind of legislative framework would best serve not only the disclosure of wrongdoing but, perhaps even more important, the deeper objective of ethical government and a strong culture of public service values and ethics to which a disclosure regime contributes?
What is the Complainant’s theory for why his application was turned down?
Why would the royals choose to be depicted with an idealized figure rather than as they really looked?
What is Aboriginal Head Start On Reserve?
What are the differences between the typical profile and the extremes?
What key lessons have been learnt from the initiative?
Where does the Minister of Industry get the authority to take such action?
Where migrant workers are concerned, how can we improve arrangements for transferring entitlements from one country to another?
What improvements can be made to better ensure the objectives of the Initiative will be achieved?
What do we call the layer of invisible gases surrounding the Earth?
What's New?
What level of detail for submission purposes is required on the starting material of an API prepared by chemical synthesis?
Why would I want to file an application under section 41 of the Act?
What is your position or job title in the establishment?
What is regulatory burden?
What will be my life, our lives, in the foreseeable future and in the long term?
What factors are associated with nutrient inadequacy or excess?
What do parliamentarians need?
What can be done to protect the variety of journalistic content in situations where different media outlets in a given market are controlled by a single entity?
Where there is room for further elaboration however, relates to one main issue: should we be aiming to harvest mature females after they have spawned once or conserving the small population of large lobsters that escape through the fishery?
What are we doing based on the information we have?
What is the significance of each?
When is the next leap year?
Whom does the learning city serve?
Why do younger voters actually participate in such low numbers?
What exactly was your experience entering the political arena as a young woman of Turkish origin?
What is then ambiguous about paragraph 44(2)(b)?
What are in your view the main challenges that minority women face in the EU?
What does the term "supportive manager" mean to you?
What evidence is there of new trends in this area?
What is the cost per participant, per program completion, per employed participant?
What are the new risks these countries will face in the years to come if adequate solutions are not found to prevailing social-policy demands?
What about conservation authorities?
What am I hoping this committee is capable of doing?
What is not covered by the FFPTSR?
What are the most common side effects of chemotherapy?
What other stakeholders are involved in the project?
What management practices are most unhealthy?
What is the difference between the two RFSOs?
What will be done about it?
What is Project Management?
Why is the PMP monitored?
What does AAP funding allow athletes to do with respect to training and competing, as well as performance at games and participation in education, that they otherwise could not do?
What would be the advantages to you of extending the notification procedure for technical regulations as stipulated by Directive 98/34/EC?
Who will be responsible for the construction of the Olympic Village?
What is happening to our productive land as cities and towns continue to expand?
What about mixed or blended products like ground beef, where the raw material may come from a variety of countries?
Why is there a new Policy on Transfer Payments?
What's New?
Who could possibly accept the idea that the present process might lead to conflict with our friends on the other side of the Atlantic?
Why did they leave a country known for its beauty?
What happens if a GST/HST credit recipient dies?
What is the difference between being 'incapable of distinguishing two sets of goods and being 'devoid of any distinctive character?
What leadership role do evaluation directorates seek from the Treasury Board Secretariat, Departments and the Community?
Which collective management associations; how do they work?
What are terrorist activity financing offences?
What is the purpose of the requirement of "unity of invention"?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of the program delivery process by Telefilm?
What is your progress to date (this includes outcomes achieved in relation to objectives, and progress on targets)?
Where can you get the parts and how much do they cost?
What is the Eastern Habitat Joint Venture?
What is the Inner Bay of Fundy Salmon?
What would be the impact on developers and consumers if the Directorate no longer permitted the use of antibiotic resistance markers in novel food?
What do other risk assessors, decision-makers, and interested and affected parties need to know about the primary conclusions and assumptions and about the balance between confidence and uncertainty in the assessment?
What Makes a Health Emergency?
What is the sixth working day before the third weekend?
What did trade with Europeans cause between the Native People?
What type of rate is used?
Why Shoot Down Ryanair?
What nutrients are consumed and in what amounts?
What do you recall from that advertising?
Who should be given a card?
What demographic conditions and life circumstances place an employee at risk with respect to the various forms of work-life conflict?
What types of decision-making must managers in agencies perform?
Why does the standard cover total mercury when methylmercury is of concern?
Who should decide what is acceptable?
Where?
What was the budget used for these advisory services?
Which of the following R&D activities were carried out at your establishment over the last three fiscal years ending in 2003?
What Are North Shore Residents Saying And Asking?
What do Waterton forests look like now?
Why translate them, when all of those officers were able to work in English?
What did you find most rewarding about working in the federal public service ?
What is their environmental performance?
What more can we do to boost this industry’s success in the years ahead?
What is the value of our research?
Why is food effect to be examined as a factor for "Part B" drugs?
Why would we not see nutrition labelling on all foods?
What are these Regulations all about?
What Is Health Protection Legislation?
What can be said regarding the journalistic practice of perpetually dredging up the next political scandal?
What skills will the janitor have learned, and will they be sufficient to move the employee into a more productive job?
Why are these measures important?
What should be done if we discover that PAs have not been reported for several years, or that incorrect PAs were reported?
What is the title of the Canadian production?
What level of "self administration" has been achieved?
Where are common services?
What is it that links football and hip hop in your opinion?
Why is this symptom occurring?
What are the chances that infection with these viruses or bacteria will affect the development of the foetus?
Which of the following do you represent?
What is the meaning of "deﬂation"?
What, in your view, are the primary objectives for the common transport policy for the period up to 2010?
What effect will whatever happens have on the morale of the other soldiers in the unit?
What are the results of the project so far?
What would you do with the money you would save if you quit smoking?
What aspects in bioinformatics are strong in Canada?
Where should the demand for international preliminary examination be submitted?
Where can savings be realized?
Why is there a Band Branch in the Canadian Forces?
Who issues Statements of Need in Canada?
Why has he not chosen to discuss the subject that there are some good things in continuing the procedure?
When was it purchased?
What should they be doing?
What materials are they made from?
What is normal for the person who is rescued?
What are the responsibilities of the Health Regions, Hospitals and Health Care Professionals?
What dishes are served on special occasions?
What tangible progress can be identified toward achieving the expected outcomes?
What ideas have you either adopted or considered to help better manage the distribution of workload?
What are the plans (of the researchers and the agencies) for impact and reporting of KT?
What are the barriers and enablers to the implementation of effective adverse-event- reduction systems in health care workplaces?
What are the key principles of these laws?
What are the implications of this general technological context for European security?
What does a museum experience provide for young people that they can get nowhere else?
What savings does the GC hope to achieve by consolidating its purchasing power through standing offers?
Why were Aboriginal people of Newfoundland not registered under the Terms of Union, in 1949?
What does this mean for Canadian exporters?
What are some of the key issues and concerns we have regarding health promotion for local development and intersectoral collaboration?
Who is eligible to claim the capital gains deduction?
What is the definition of prior art under your national/regional law?
What should multiculturalism be in the future?
Why do I have to keep my pet on a leash?
Which of these options do you prefer and why?
What are the country’s main industries?
What measure should be used to determine the proportion of research funds for any given disease?
What role did the government play?
Why is your project "an example of good practice" for others?
What is the Neighbourhood Renewal Fund and how can it be accessed?
Which workers’ application rates changed, if any?
What is the connection between bird flu, human flu and pandemic flu?
What has been the role of the CCB in the overall CBCI?
What action did you take, for example, who did you inform about the side effect?
Why haven't these problems been fixed before now?
What are the short, medium and long term impacts of the financial assistance on students?
Who is the audience?
What is being done to address West Nile virus in First Nations communities?
Where under-represented designated group members are receiving shares of hiring below external representation, did the review focus on recruitment, selection and hiring policies and practices, and to accommodation as it relates to these areas?
What capacity do they feel they have to [solve their problems]?
Where can I look for a Co-op position?
What course of action will do the most good on the whole?
Why was the available spectrum being licensed as one large block?
What does the collective agreement say on this subject?
What types of careers does DRDC offer?
What was their impact on the well-being of women?
What data access requirements of the STM community differ significantly from those of the social sciences and humanities?
Which training programs are eligible?
Why focus on rural and remote health?
What is the mission of FMFCB?
What activities does CIDA-INC support?
Why is collaborationin natural resource management so difficult?
What contributes to a successful transition and how can we learn from those who have gone before us?
What do citizens and public sector managers understand about the privacy management framework in which these services are delivered, the matrix of privacy impact assessment, Privacy Act oversight, and PIPEDA requirements and oversight?
Why the Mondopoint Sizing System?
Which groups of personnel are concerned?
Why does it matter to us?
What happens to tax-included pricing on gasoline?
Why, indeed, define the solution up front in terms of specific hardware requirements when the Department knows that the complainant has recently found commercial off-the-shelf implementations for some of Canada’s most "sacred cows" of special purpose signal processing hardware?
What are the gaps in skills and in training?
What does ‘education for entrepreneurship’ mean?
What will G-8 summit meetings be like when American President Hillary Clinton and French President Ségolène Royal join German Chancellor Angela Merkel in a formidable triangle of women’s power?
What complaints does the PSST hear?
Why honour the man who created the mess instead of the people who have had to clean it up?
Where would the consumer go when the complaint was about a bank or a trust company which is the subsidiary of an insurance company?
Who will be cast as victims, and who as offenders in such a context?
What are the main components of the Program?
What is the extent of the program’s impact?
What do you consider to be the key issue-specific and cross-cutting gaps/needs in environmental health research in Canada?
What is the experience of Aboriginal communities in drawing on both traditional and western healing models and strategies?
Why is the budget of the grants component not fully utilized in most years?
What are your intellectual property assets?
What was your HSR risk perception for Ziagen with the previous warning?
Who is at risk for developing listeriosis?
What happens if the International Searching Authority finds that the title of the invention or the abstract is missing or defective?
What might bother, disturb or disgust them?
Who will participate in each aspect of project decision-making?
Who should use this handbook?
What kind of actions can be supported by the Return preparatory actions?
Who are these employees; where do they work; and what positions do they hold?
What are the rights and obligations of such operators in terms of social responsibility?
What other things would make a good substitute for these products?
What is the function of national regulation?
Which would take precedence?
What new regions were fished in British Columbia Tidal Waters in 2005 (from traditional fishing regions)?
What is an application to review a certification order?
What lessons can be drawn from this?
What happens if an existing Minister is defeated?
What would you say are the main strengths of CRIC?
Whose reality counts?
What is the degree of willingness in populations to support older people through public solutions?
What about those commodities that have never been regulated?
Why have a harbour authority Web site when the harbour or community centre is just down the road?
What other treatments have been used to treat <insert disease or condition>?
Where should these services be located - in the hospital or in the community?
What sort of environment are we going to leave behind for our children?
Where can I get more information on the proposed health measures?
What are the main steps regarding the appeal procedure?
What is done when effects are, or are not observed?
Who is using the JOPAL Information?
What type of report is prepared following an inspection?
Which forms of violence against women as defined in Recommendation Rec(2002)5 are addressed by the national action plan?
What valuable functions does it provide?
What actions, if any, should Canada take to address its international obligations regarding the patenting of higher life forms and related processes?
What are the ingredients of good primary health care?
What happens if the application is filed in a language which is not accepted by the receiving Office?
What was it like to experience and to do something different?
What unintended impacts (positive or negative) have occurred with the CCP?
What is the most northerly point the baton reached during the relay?
What is the current situation for Communications Services?
What changes were made?
What are Interim Land Withdrawals?
What is the spatial distribution of NCOs?
When can I expect my refund?
What are the different recruitment procedures within the European Institutions?
What types of PIs are on the panel?
What are the tax requirements for working in Canada?
What is a longitudinal study?
What good comes of health research?
What do I do if my search retrieves no documents?
What expenses are eligible for funding?
What topographical features that may influence bird activity and movement, such as islands, peninsulas, and ridges, are located on or near the site?
What is the Government of Canada doing to respond to HIV/AIDS?
When do the amendments take effect?
When Will the Government Measure Up?
What specifically do the guidelines cover?
What is Canada’s negotiating position with respect to the education sector?
What evidence is there this restructuring helped to reduce the deficit?
What can be done to improve voter turnout?
What benefits have you seen from this arrangement?
When I asked him the other day – I think rather desultorily – "Do you have the same blood as Mary Queen of Scots?
What happens?
What data or evidence is used?
Which electoral system is being used, do you have the institute of virile or appointed members; are appointed members called for life or always for a given period of time?
What is Me Lussier’s mandate?
Why is it that nurses experience more illness, more injury and more disabilities than any other professionals or non-professionals in Canada?
Which processes most effectively combine public values and technical information in decisions?
When will this baseline data collection be done and by whom?
What is clinical genetics research?
What single service do most Canadians need to contact multiple departments for?
What interactions among environmental, economic, and cultural elements have caused this to be so?
What is the estimated cost of the new Maritime Helicopter fleet's in service support for both aircraft and mission systems over a 20-year period?
What level of support will a department or agency receive in the assessment and selection of Program participants?
What are the limits of such a Report ?
What does this mean for DND and the CF?
What are the determinants and consequences of receiving social assistance for lone-parent mothers and their children?
What policies are currently being used in your own province or territory to affect one of the components of population?
What are the alternatives for these destitute people?
What happens if I don't comply with the Regulations?
What does this value indicate?
What about need and population details?
What is the nature of the collective environmental challenges we have faced?
What is the deadline for submission of applications?
What guidelines are there for government employees who blog?
Why do you spend less money on training the average term employee than the average indeterminate employee?
What are the conditions for participating in the HBP?
What funds did you leverage as a result of federal funding?
What are the limitations of the Taxpayers' Ombudsman?
What are the changes brought about by the Public Service Modernization Act?
What was the Minister’s interpretation of Russia’s actions?
What messages should the Congress put across to Europe's towns and municipalities?
What is the National Child Benefit initiative?
What is your level of agreement or disagreement with the following statements regarding a risk-based approach to regulatory intervention?
What gaps need to be filled?
What symbols do the royals hold in their hands to indicate their station in life?
What are standardized Organizational Models?
What protection does the new ASD policy provide a public service union member?
What have been the impacts to date and what impacts are likely in the future related to CFI’s objectives?
What sport is played by the largest percentage of males aged 15 years and older?
What is a current issue that I could discuss with someone in this culture?
What trends will affect the industry?
What is / will be the level of priority that you are assigning to the Canada Food Safety and Inspection Act?
What is the difference between a statute, a law and a regulation?
What are the biggest killers of babies and young children, and what is WHO doing to reduce child deaths?
What is the total cost of a collaborative arrangement with a provincial government, and what is the cost to the federal government?
What would be the impact of the CCTA and CCSA proposals on programming undertakings and the program production industry?
Why Is Reporting Necessary?
What could have influenced the water temperature?
What can the Privacy Commissioner do?
When do you need the document?
What is a preliminary proposal?
What would hinder a First Nation’s eligibility to opt into this legislation?
What does Canada hope to achieve?
What were your conclusions and actions?
Who gains and who loses from the conflict?
Why did the traffickers pick me out to make money for them?
Who demonstrated exemplary leadership and at what stages of the process was this leadership most decisive?
What was the approximate budget used for this program service delivery?
Where can I find a listing of food allergy alerts recently issued?
Why do we need to reduce the number of Canadians reporting high work-to-family interference?
What is the relationship between electronic and paper records for the EPR/ICWS sites in respect of: availability of data, integrity, compliance with standards, volume of paper generated and reduction in clerical activity?
Who can apply?
Why do you breed your horses instead of buying them?
When nutrition information is provided on a food that is consumer served from a bulk bin at retail, must the information be presented in the format specified?
What is the Targeted Investment Program?
Why is Health Canada concerned about blue-green algae tablets and capsules?
What tangible progress can be identified toward achieving the expected outcomes?
What if the deceased wills his contributions to someone other than the spouse?
Why does the Moon appear to take on a colored hue during an eclipse?
What is your vision for the future?
What should the federal government be doing (if anything) to deal with these issues?
What are the new forms of political, social, and financial risks involved in development finance?
What does this mean for MSC R&D?
What are the World International Property Organization (WIPO) Digital Treaties?
What is on my mouse pad or my favourite coffee mug?
What are the consequences of using that evidence for the effectiveness of the planning process?
Which of the following sources of information did you use when planning your fishing activities to Alberta in 2005: internet, magazines/newspapers, bait and tackle shops, outdoor/sport shows, travel agent, clubs/associations, friends/family, TV/radio, TV fishing shows, licence issuer, Alberta Environment, brochure/pamphlets regulations?
What are the clients' satisfaction levels with the service?
What major (historical, political, natural, cultural) events might have influenced the lyricists’ point of view?
When applying this definition, taking into account changes in the prices of production factors, should growth be achieved through price maintenance, higher prices or lower costs?
When would sheltering be implemented?
Which ones and with which countries/regions?
When do you expect to be able to return to your own job?
Who can apply?
Why should they look after themselves when they are nearing the end of life and there is little to look forward to?
What were the reasons for your dissatisfaction?
What accounts for these similarities and differences?
Which should be the priorities for action in this respect?
What should be the legal effect of not providing evidence of prior informed consent through approval of authorities under the relevant national regime?
When do we consider the investment in property or a gifting arrangement to be a tax shelter?
What is the New Motor Vehicle Sales Survey?
What is to be the relationship between the secretariats of WEU and European Political Cooperation?
What device is used to navigate around the screen?
What do you do when you have a capital loss?
What do we make of studies showing that most users of tranquilizers are middle-class women?
What activities should be eligible for funding in a preservation program?
Why are practitioners not including the use of NHPs or other alternative therapies when they take medical histories?
Which arrow, A or B, indicates the normal direction of surface winds?
What do parliamentarians need from DPRs?
Why don’t you urge us to listen to you attentively?
Who decides when a new Parliament begins?
What are the different kinds of response instruments?
What is the role of the provincial/territorial Privacy Commissioners and other public agencies?
What other policy outcomes may be anticipated by looking at sex and diversity?
What are the advantages of the electronic Bulletin on the Internet over the Bulletin on paper?
What does that expanded definition of animal do to recreational angling, particularly catch and release fishing, since fish have been included in the definition of animal under the bill that was being proposed but not the existing law?
What can I stop, or start doing — NOW?
Which medium and format represents the (or an) authentic legal rendition (authoritative source) of your IPO's published patent documents?
Why doesn’t Health Canada adopt the US approach of publishing drug reviews?
Why are there so many problems?
What are the exposure categories used for HIV and AIDS surveillance by the Centre for Infectious Disease Prevention and Control (CIDPC) at Health Canada and how are they determined?
Which of these activities would you like to see again on the forum?
What was the estimated qualifying percentage for RVC?
What communications and training have I received?
Where and how will notification be given?
Who wrote the letter, took the photo or painted the painting?
What should be the main features of a sound financial management culture in any public service?
What legislation was in place prior to this new Act with respect to quarantine?
What will be presented at the Aboriginal Policy Research Conference?
What are the restrictions on funding?
Why is my SIN so important to personal information and privacy?
When did the sale of terfenadine-containing drugs cease in Canada?
Who prescribes?
What is the Management Accountability Framework?
What is your opinion regarding the amount of funding available for probiotics research - in general and for your program in particular?
What are the Commissioner's powers?
Why Watershed-Scale Tests?
What will happen to Swedish and the rest of the EU's present languages?
What can be done to mitigate or avoid them?
What are the aspects looked for in an external inspection?
Why did they need to change the rules and how did they do it?
Which four provinces joined together in Confederation in 1867?
What improvements or modifications should be made to the Managing for Business Success website?
What is your opinion regarding the use of a possible directive for purchases by other bodies, such as the European Defence Agency?
What is the refundable medical expense supplement?
Who can participate?
What would be the structure of the Office of the DPP?
What are your learning priorities: advancement, enrichment, personal growth?
What was obsidian used for by First Nations people?
What have been the impacts of MII projects on industry?
What type of administrative support services did your organization provide?
What are Smoke-free By-laws?
What protection do we get if Sam’s don’t push the thing anyway?
What significance does the Greenpeace report have to Health Canada's assessment of PVC use in Blood Bags and IV Bags?
What were the current (non-capital) R&D Expenditures of this R&D facility in 2000?
What proportion of your institution’s total budget for arts training programs does NATCP funding represent?
What kinds of ideas came up now at your table?
What are the advantages of mediation?
Who is really responsible for financing Indian governments?
What causes lymphedema?
What is your country’s vision for environmental sustainability?
What realistically can be done within the mandate and strategic framework of your department/branch/programs to address this (these) SD issue(s)?
What needs to be done to eliminate corporal punishment?
What should we do to make the return of these children easier?
What do patients need to know about using <Product Name>?
What are the (relative) roles of media, public, professional groups, culture and research evidence in shaping expectations?
What was the date of your most recent HIV test?
Who uses which learning strategies already?
Why can companies use ingredients that cause reactions?
Where?
What is the time limit for making changes to reports that were already submitted to FINTRAC?
What will the history books say of the experience of those coming to Canada in the 21st century?
Who knows what tomorrow will bring?
Which way of life do you think you would prefer: traditional or modern-day?
What else is freedom if not the freedom of those who are different and who have other opinions?
What will these changes mean to your readers?
Which groups do you think should be represented at a meeting to discuss today’s Canada?
Who should provide AHR counselling services mandated under the Act?
What if a lump is found during the physical examination?
What strategy is the most effective to improve rank position in the Internet search engines' query results?
What are the mid-level axioms that will be used to interpret core values as they apply to the actual policy decisions facing Health Canada?
Who is responsible for finalising the development of the data gathering tools?
Why else would there be notice?
Where can I obtain an application form and application guide?
What if an employee is on leave when a WFA situation occurs in his or her department?
What are the requirements for working in Canada?
What would you suggest in this context with regard to the future European External Action Service?
What is Canada's position on expropriation in the FTAA negotiations?
Which techniques have been most effective?
Who is a stakeholder?
What is the Northwest Passage?
What is the Interdepartmental Partnership with the Official-Language Communities?
When can I get credit again?
What about the cultural Internet?
What better way to breathe new life into this institution than to dedicate a special place to showcase Canada’s new and emerging artists?
What if I have consumed more than the recommended amounts of the fish listed in the advice?
Why is there a lost charge?
What is being done to ensure openness of the work by prosecutors and the courts so that justice can publicly be seen to be done?
What is my appropriation for certain project/program?
What is sentinel site surveillance?
What is your level of agreement or disagreement with the following statements regarding special emphasis on specific populations?
What are the major conclusions of the research conducted so far?
What should the qualifications of the counsellor be?
What about students?
What are appropriate strategies for sustainable, culturally sensitive environmental management?
What are the possible relationships?
What kind of information does the PSC need to decide if the employee's ability to perform his or her duties in a politically impartial manner is being impaired or is perceived as being impaired?
What are the most important things you spend your money on?
What is required of a corporate sponsor?
Why reduce debt?
What is the length of your existing first and second cycle qualifications and what are the implications for your qualifications framework of retaining or changing this?
What Next After the Gaza Withdrawal?
Why do we have a CSD?
What’s the point if the phones still go unanswered?
What percentage of reported accidents and cases of ill-health are investigated?
When do I change my clock for Daylight Savings Time?
What are our Next Steps?
What can bodies such as professional associations, NGOs and the media do to stimulate and feed public debate?
What mechanisms can promote harmonization among organizational information functions?
What services are provided free of charge?
What are the implications of such an approach in terms of distribution requirements?
What were Health Canada’s impressions from the inspections?
What measures are taken by the authorities to ensure the quality of services, particularly ones provided by private bodies such as the Red Crescent?
What approach did Health Canada take to resolve what appears to be a regulatory dilemma?
What are the main differences between these two?
What are the rules for communications between regions?
What changes now that we have a policy framework?
What general comments were there on the relationship between IP and TCEs/EoF?
What further restructuring and consolidation in the industry do you see in the near future (3-7 years) and what will likely be the major impacts on human resources planning?
What kind of information are you looking for?
What do we mean by collaborative culture-heritage tourism?
What is project management?
Why spend several years educating an infected person when he or she may succumb to AIDS shortly after?
What is the purpose of the policy?
What does the RMSI measure?
What is the alternative given by people that believe that tolerating our differences is alienating?
Who is responsible for maintaining the Public Registry?
What are the concrete policy solutions?
Why is it that my reimbursement for Core Expenses is limited to 35 per cent?
Which station in the diagram, has a lower station pressure, A or B?
What kind of sex was involved (performing or receiving oral sex, performing or receiving anal or genital penetration)?
What is the tax treatment of RESP income?
What are a First Nation’s obligations with respect to unexpended year-end balances for incomplete projects?
What is the relationship between UV radiation and the angle of the sun's rays?
What is the role of the broadcaster?
What if the condom broke or I had unprotected sex?
What is the relationship between individual, family and societal healing and community economic, political, social and cultural development?
What is reasonable access?
Where can one find a copy of the Charter or the Canadian constitution?
What are the current patterns in the balance between family and state provision for older people across the different countries?
What should be done to address the major challenges associated with the role of health in EA?
What types of tools did the shoemaker use?
What are the timelines for promotion from one level to the next?
Where can I obtain an application form?
What society today can afford to say no to even finding out whether such resources exist underground, thereby depriving future generations of the quality of life promised them under the Rio Declaration?
What kinds of projects are referred for independent assessment?
When will these new Terms and Conditions be applicable?
What kind of influence would there be in aiding a family that has a death, whether it's immediate family or somewhere down the road?
Why Are There Different Forms of DTV?
What problems have arisen with the transposition of the two Directives?
What makes you reach for a cigarette?
What do we know about the prevalence of family to work interference from this study?
What modifications are required to the central funds?
Who is responsible for arranging the training of established inspectors?
Why Focus On Great Lakes Wetlands?
What is a toxic substance?
What kind of support needs to be put into place to help educational programs incorporate research information into their curriculum?
Who owns the IP rights in your website?
What should constitute the pillars of a renewed biotechnology strategy?
What is the role and responsibilities of the Office of Critical Infrastructure Projection and Emergency Preparedness (OCIPEP)?
What concessions does one make to a Karadzic or a Mladic in order to have access to the suffering people in Srebrenica?
What are the naturally occurring (background) levels?
What do these new data add to your understanding of the fishing industry in Canada?
What information is needed?
What do you think its purpose might have been?
Why do we continue to serve harmful food such as McDonalds?
What about back at base— has it meant an increased workload for the ITF?
What barriers do smaller universities have in implementing/establishing Chairs that larger universities do not?
What has been learned since to justify the fact that the troops of the British Empire lost more than 250,000 men in order to advance several kilometres?
Why are economic operators reluctant to tender for contracts in other Member States ?
What does this mean to the Canadian supply chain?
What is the nature or role of your organization?
What happens to this program when I’m no longer here to carry out my work?
What assumptions did they use?
What are the current or potential initiatives within communities that could be linked to the components we are discussing?
Which salary grid was used to determine your salary?
What do you feel should be SSHRC’s role in mobilizing or assisting in the transfer of the knowledge that comes out of the research it funds?
What is the effect of this mistake?
What is Cultural Tourism?
What are the possible variants of the traditional teacher to learner input pattern?
What level of functional is satisfactory and for what?
What is the purpose of the Tax Deferral Program?
Why doesn't Health Canada adopt the US approach of publishing drug reviews?
When can a person claim the GST/HST 2008 transitional rebate?
What models of work and social relationships have these laws catered for?
What is the point of working on them if the way in which they are applied is not monitored, assessed and remedied when necessary?
What further changes are envisaged?
Who would monitor the public for symptoms or disease?
What was the date of your most recent HIV test?
What would be the "risk score" for a risk that is assessed "E" (Expected) for Likelihood, and M (Medium) for Impact?
What does the slope of this line of best fit represent?
Why should research institutions and scientists be interested?
What are the disadvantages to using this energy source?
What are the most common ethical principles?
What does participation or involvement entail?
Why not include our non-European NATO partner Canada, as was the case until recently when WEU was responsible for crisis management?
What is the likely impact of change in the economic status of individuals within Canadian communities?
What is the level of immigrants’ satisfaction with regard to their situation?
What are the Eligible Costs?
Where were you working/located prior to accepting your first faculty position in Canada?
Which ones and why?
What environmental problems seem to be having the greatest impact on the health of those who live in the Great Lakes Basin?
What is the impact of co-location on access to facilities/labs/equipment?
What are you doing on a wider scale to address that issue?
What would they give up?
What part of the mission have you enjoyed the most so far?
What has Health Canada been doing to date on the paediatric file?
What is the role of wetlands within and adjacent to the agricultural landscape?
What are the terms of the CHS VAR agreements?
Which Sector Studies had information gaps?
What part does the protection, conservation and revival of the architectural heritage play in this context?
What is the impact of the training, development and learning on performance and results?
What about confidentiality clauses in agreements or contracts?
Why only the AIR and CFS – what about the other returns that must be filed with OSFI?
What is your progress to date?
When travel receipts are low, why is there still employment in food and beverage services?
What right do communities have to say "yes" or "no" to commercialization ?
What have been the main challenges to implementing section 41 within your sector?
Why was SaskTel licensed in Saskatchewan?
What are the major unanswered questions in the basic science of prion diseases?
Why is China Booming?
What is the level of consultation required with the stakeholders?
Who will this new idea affect and who will make or break the effectiveness of the idea?
When is the 150th anniversary of Ottawa as the National Capital of Canada?
What is an acceptable duration of treatment required in order to assess efficacy in the short-term?
What New Competencies Are Required to Bring About a Learning-Centred Public Service?
Whose toes do we step on how?
What is meant by position classification?
What about cultures themselves: have they changed over the time you've been studying them?
What are the strengths of your community?
What types of projects are eligible?
What did it cost to improve the timeliness of this service?
What aspects of the telework policy were covered in the training/information you received from your department?
Why Invest in Western Canada's Environmental Technology Industry?
Which of the following would most encourage you to defend your rights in court with other consumers?
What has been the effect of the cost-shared approach of CFI (40% of eligible costs paid by CFI) on infrastructure investments?
What other types of things could cause a person to have too little glucose?
When I look at the staffing, two committee staff, one analyst, two stenographers, and three interpreters — that is for interpretation, I would expect — what is the requirement for two committee staff and one analyst, particularly the analyst?
What questions does this situation raise in your mind?
What types of decisions should community groups be responsible for?
What would you choose to pack and why?
What are traditional resource rights?
What led you to get involved in Radiomonde?
What are the impacts and effects of public policies and social changes, not necessarily designed to affect health, on the health of Canadians?
What is the total level of funds given to the recipient by your program each year?
What is the basis for your views?
Who has the right to what land?
What if James Douglas had not acted decisively to assert British sovereignty?
What is the rationale or raison d’être for their presence within an agency?
What kinds of groups can apply?
Which changes of values have the management and the staff experienced?
Why did costs increase?
What excites you most about the challenges and opportunities you see in the region?
Which further initiatives should the Commission take in order to remove the remaining obstacles to free movement?
What provisions have been made to elect a bureau for the second session of CSTD?
What is the y-intercept of the line of best fit?
What powers should they have?
Where were the boundaries of the rights of indigenous peoples related to access and benefit sharing?
When did you first begin working in the FBI’s Behavioral Sciences Unit and what was your job?
Where were you on the day of the theft?
What are the links between trade liberalization and environmental outcomes?
What recharges us when we leave the worries of work and the obligations of family behind?
When were you widowed?
What do you think of the crime as reported?
What do you think it would take to change Canadians’ attitudes toward the developing world?
Whether the Committee of Ministers plans to propose to the Government of Romania measures to ensure the physical security of journalists in this country?
What other countries with similar latitudes recommend a vitamin D supplement for breastfed infants?
What Canadian Heritage coordination activities, if any, have contributed to increasing the awareness of official-language minority communities about the policies and programs of your department or agency?
What are the conditions necessary for such research to advance?
What adjustments has ACOA made, if any?
What do you think these can teach you?
Why did this government not do more to prepare for the expected increase of passport applications that everyone could see was coming?
What are the costs associated with trademark creation, protection and use?
Why do families not use the available community resources for their children who have communication delays?
What if Canada is doing something drastically wrong today, right?
What type of net — shape, colour, size, and fabric — should be chosen?
What is eligible for financing under this program?
Who would have thought that many health-related web sites, despite promises to protect site visitors' privacy, actually share the information they collect?
What needs to be done to increase the research effort and exploit research results at best?
What might the effects be on women’s health, women’s labour in the home care sector and women’s equality?
Why does a store need to know my name, phone number and address when I pay cash for an item?
What do the firm and the stakeholders want and need to get from the engagement?
What are the steps needed to address these climate change and health issues?
What is the definition of 'NTR'?
Why would you expect this relationship to occur?
What does it take to be a Water Resource Officer?
What role does the OCG play?
What can we do in partnership?
Who benefits from foreign investment?
What is the added value of the Council of Europe Convention?
Which of the characters had people already heard of, and which of them were new?
What extent of self-employment is in the black market?
What was the person expecting of the library?
What happens in Quebec when a contractor subcontracts to other homeworkers?
What are some of the frustrations and difficulties with this kind of work?
Who is most likely to get hepatitis C?
What was the main reason %you/FNAME% %were/was% absent from work last week?
What values are associated with it?
What types and quality level of services do these organizations offer?
What improvements can you suggest?
What programmes and initiatives exist to compensate for the impact of poverty on health?
Which of the following statements more closely reflects your understanding of the term entrepreneurship?
Who should decide?
What has your experience been so far at the PSMA Secretariat?
When you say "without going into detail," when you are talking to Parliament, how much can you share with Parliament about what they do?
When and what specific measures will be taken to improve the existing law-enforcement practice in order to promote the guarantees of human rights and principles of the rule of law, as well as to create conditions for market relations?
Where does the Trappist tradition of waking so early in the morning originate?
What about recent changes to the immigration laws or the new anti-terrorism act?
Whose responsibility is it to fill that out?
Which components of an earth energy heat pump system are manufactured outside the industry?
What can we expect?
Why did she accept when she had no intention of working?
What were the unintended impacts from SDS II, if any?
What can be done to engage team members and get them to challenge each other to achieve excellence?
What are the main parts of a decision?
What are the objectives in cultivating a particular area or areas of research?
What kind of leadership will be needed to guide us into the new millenium?
What is the benefit-risk?
What help would a smaller school be?
Why can't I download Tables?
What is the predicted accrual for the second phase of a Can-SPORE Network?
Where to From Here?
Whether to maintain the mining exemption for activities up to and including primary crushing?
What would you say was the main reason why you did participate/attend?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of such a corporate renewal approach compared to issuance of a new group licence?
What characteristics of the Rideau Canal are considered to be of "outstanding universal value"?
What hobbies could you spend more time doing?
What is the Government of Canada and PHAC doing to address the spread of MRSA in hospitals?
What to consider in advance of negotiations?
What are they?
Why do the 1st and 2nd generations have lower levels of trust than the 3rd generation?
What is the relationship among the rated requirements?
What are the purposes of RETURN?
What are some of the health risks of swimming in polluted water?
What are the policy initiatives, if any, currently being discussed in your Chamber to raise the growth prospects of the Euro area economy as a whole and of your country in particular, especially in the context of your macroeconomic programmes?
Why aren’t more countries doing this?
What is the highest level of schooling you had received before moving into this housing development/training program?
What are the prevalent sources of accidents and health issues in the region?
What extra documentation is needed?
What can I bring back with me?
Why do you require proponents to identify Aboriginal groups at the time of the Notice of Project Application?
What was the date of your first marriage?
What is the Rationale for Collective Management?
What Drives Forest Expansion in China?
Why did DFAIT choose an Internet solution for the EICS, rather than keeping direct connect as a possible option?
When will we stop paying lip-service to the idea of physician wellness?
What can an ID thief do with my information?
What is your best estimate of your total personal income, before taxes and deductions, from all sources in the past 12 months?
Why are island services changing?
What are the "best practices" of existing community based programs and how could these inform the development of assessment tools?
Why do we need our IP address to register for E-STAT?
Why should you care, especially if adults can't even make up their minds which is which?
Where in Canada has the largest temperature change taken place?
What does this mean for Canadian television viewers?
What is the team proud of in terms of technical achievement in this project?
Which of the following illustrations, (1), (2), or (3), does not occur?
When did the government leader first become aware that Jeffrey Kroeker telephoned and subsequently wrote to the Renaissance Dubai Hotel asking for specific details about the hotel charges of senators who were there working?
What evidence is there?
What is a customs broker?
What, in your view, would be the impact of such minimum requirements on job creation as well as on the protection of workers?
Why is that the case?
What is the current state of the scientific literature supporting effective interventions for the primary prevention of intimate partner violence in women?
What is/was the funding sources for your program?
Whether or not the authorities could be changed to support the debt transfer under the circumstances, is it appropriate to fund one or more parties if they have not formally accepted their share of the loan debt?
What evidence in these documents helps you know why they were written?
What is a non-mailable item?
What is a Revolution in Military Affairs (RMA)?
What’s the matter with us?
What is your business activity?
What are the main obstacles hampering progress in this respect?
What will the CD Roms contain?
What actions do we have to take to ensure that farmers receive a fair return from the marketplace for their investment and labour?
What can be done to facilitate compliance with the requirements of the Medical Devices Regulations to ensure all WNv tests are appropriately validated for the samples being tested?
Where do I need to live to join a Fire Department?
When assessing candidates who are black, I'll ask myself: "What if this person were a member of another race?
What are the most popular languages?
What is it exactly?
What's this about?
Which tax guide should you use?
What kind of management is that?
What is the maximum number of days, which an employee can accumulate in a fiscal year?
What will happen to the All Different All Equal website once the Campaign comes to a formal end (at European level) on 31 December this year?
What do we know about the relationship between the costs and the benefits of language teaching and learning?
Where do you tend to read Defence 2000 News?
Where are the forces of cohesion for the new political Union to be found?
What would you want to see in such a checklist that would help improve the work of both your institution and the OIC?
What has been done so far with matrimonial real property under the FNLMA?
What are the ethical issues related to knowledge translation (KT)?
What accommodation options were considered?
What trades did they bring with them?
What accounts for this broad-based underdevelopment?
Why are these studies needed?
Who can I contact if I have questions about Hypurin?
Why a Guide to Gender and Sex-Based Analysis?
Where?
What steps do you intend to take to ensure your Directorate(s)-General is/ are well-managed?
What are some of their strengths and weaknesses?
What about coverage for my spouse/same-sex partner?
What information can you find here?
What is really the scope of our practice?
What was the state of tide on grounding?
What is the Registered Disability Savings Plan (RDSP)?
What are the reasons for the use of emergency service and out-patient visits?
What is the capital cost impact level?
Which types of social networks are most frequently associated with social trust and norms that promote coordination and cooperation in the general interest?
What do people see as their responsibility and as the responsibility of others, including family members, communities, public services and private corporations?
What are the perceived advantages and disadvantages to delaying entry into a traditional academic career path?
What Makes A Sustainable Trail?
What does this report of Adverse Analytical Findings represent?
Who doesn’t get a mammogram?
Why does the EU need an Economic and Social Committee?
Why not continue to issue paper licences each year?
What is ATRIANCE™ used for?
What changes (if any)should be made to the CFI component program in order to make it more relevant and effective?
When must the international search report be established?
When exporters set out to find new markets for their products and services, how should they decide where to go?
What enforcement actions will be taken on non-compliant advertising?
What will be the unit of analysis and scope of the evaluation?
Why are surveys in the Horticulture Program important?
Where?
When you went to the Outreach office, what kind of services did you think you needed to help you find a job?
What does the CAP do to help the environment?
Why does the period of employment have to be in the same department/agency?
Why do you think your business will succeed?
What right do communities have to say "yes" or "no" to commercialization ?
Why was the approval to amend the contract not obtained in a timely manner?
When does the Travel Directive apply as a result of a change of workplace?
What will be the process for disseminating educational information and details of any plans for xeno transplantation to the Canadian public in a way that allows for dialogue with the public and minimizes media interpretation or manipulation of the facts?
Why are some citizenship applications finalized in Canada and others at visa offices overseas?
What are you entitled to know about cookies on Government of Canada Web sites?
When will the program be available, end or transition?
What are the normative implications of securitized trade?
When will consumers see the new Nutrition Facts box on food labels?
Who has been involved in the development of the Canadian Atlantic Tsunami Warning System?
What will be the establishment plan of the new office?
When will I know if my "IDEA" has been accepted?
Whom does it benefit and who is disadvantaged?
What if, despite his fine words, he is in fact planning to keep her in a state of subservience or to force her into prostitution?
What percentage of strategic moves by competitors, regulators, suppliers and/or customers are predictable?
What do you think of the Action Plan?
What are the new private copying levy rates set by the Board?
What additional funding is available?
Why is it that a massage administered by a licensed massage therapist is not reimbursable for CF personnel, but CF spouses can claim for massages under their SISIP benefits?
What prompted the Kennedy Center to spend more than US$50 000 to co-produce and present Orféo?
What do you include with your return and what records do you keep?
What about a vaccine to prevent Anthrax disease?
What kind of general knowledge management models of NPD processes can be identified in SME’s?
What are some new and/or innovative ways that can generate more resources for sport?
Why would it be advantageous for service delivery systems to interoperate?
Who was the first explorer known to trade furs with First Nations peoples, in what later became known as Canada?
Who Uses Payday Loans and Why?
What effects did the integration strategies have on the opinions and attitudes of health care providers?
What impact will the replacement of Chapter 1-4 - Grants and Contributions of the Official Languages policy suite have?
Why isCanada's health care system using antiquated paper files when you can go to an ATM or bank machine virtually anywhere in the world and withdraw cash from your account here at home?
What is the relationship between average annual reports for UV rays and sunlight hours?
What has happened since the 1992-94 moratorium on cod?
What research, policies and practices would improve health status and health service?
What's New?
When can one right be restricted in order to protect another?
What type does this music fit into?
What is a pension adjustment reversal (PAR)?
What about intermixing?
What is its impact on health?
Where applicable, is the use of information technology and connectivity relevant and appropriate?
What factors influence interprovincial migration?
What is the origin of the Musical Ride?
Where from Here?
What changes would make it possible for DFO to allow licence holders and other resource users to play a more direct role in commercial access and allocation decisions?
What is the status of negotiations (Mark One)?
What is the level of interest among university students, academic administration, and faculty in the implementation of entrepreneurship programming?
What are the priority actions that can be taken now by a collaborative network to begin addressing the policy gaps?
Why does the bureaucracy therefore champion such an outdated policy in a sector of the economy that has an impact throughout this nation?
Who should decide which groups or organizations are eligible to participate in a partnering agreement?
What does the automatic extension of CTMs mean and what is the legal background for this?
What can we in the industrial countries do to strengthen the prospects for sustained growth?
Who decides which direct costs CIDA will contribute to in the program/project?
Why don't we use systems that work, instead of trying to create new systems?
What is the aim of the World Day to overcome extreme poverty?
What is Health Canada’s warning to consumers?
Which pension or annuity income qualifies for the pension income amount?
What Are the Implications of This Approach?
What motivates sperm donors?
What can be done to ensure a better coverage of the issue of migration?
Who receives the ticket for running a red light?
Why waste perfectly good beer?
Who will be responsible for monitoring the water level at the Cluxewe?
What do you mean by a moratorium?
What other forms of European co-operation do you know?
What happens if a party wants to buy time from a station or network that is in excess of its entitlement above?
What kind of joint action under the auspices of the Council of Europe would be feasible?
Which industrial sectors are being targeted?
What benefits do settlements bring?
Where can I go to receive a form?
What does this mean for taxpayers?
Why should they not be paid in terms of how well they perform in serving their clients, that is the military personnel?
When might such devices be used for instance for surveillance and in which cases would this be legitimate?
What will be/is the maximum and average operating tube potential, and output?
Who is not eligible to participate?
What, then, is distinctive about Canadian art?
Where do we currently stand in building this environment of trust?
What types of behaviours are appropriate and inappropriate?
What motivates oocyte donors?
Why are they not appropriate now?
What do you know about thunder, lightning, and hail storms?
What is the level of support required?
What does "Build in Canada" mean?
What is a fragrance ingredient?
Why would we build an international model that has all the market freedoms of our national economies but none of its protections?
Who would be seated at the table?
What data has been captured thus far?
When are designated Offices notified?
Who are the people in your community who could tell you if it is worthwhile to assess needs?
What kind of commitment are 18- or 19-year-olds prepared to make?
What difficulties have affected the degree of realization of this freedom?
What is being done to combat PC-based counterfeiting?
What further action do you envisage in this connection?
What would have been the overall impact on your company?
What is the agency’s overall approach to involving service users in: planning services; in the provision of services; and in the assessment/evaluation of services?
What do you most like about the job you do?
What attributes and what values for the society do they have?
What Should We Say and How Should We Say It?
What is the volume of cash payments processed by the CRA?
What is the Relationship ?
What do I do with PCB transformers or capacitors when I have no further use for them?
What are the effects of NP, NPEs, and TMEs on the environment?
What is the current status of FinCEN’s efforts to develop and issue BSA regulations?
Where can I obtain fish processing, buying and/or aquaculture licenses?
What kind of barriers or difficulties do you foresee?
What is the ADM Management Map all about?
What could the EU do to push the government and rebel groups towards a political agreement?
Why are the Committees necessary?
Why land claims?
What does this say about the sanctity of medical confidentiality if we as custodians of our soldier’s most intimate confidences believe that carrying out our duty is "morally relative" to how it affects us?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of each of these cohorts of trainers?
What happens when there is an appeal against a conviction?
What is the best way to signal your interest in what another person is saying?
What questions are unanswered?
What are the next steps in the development and implementation of the Healthy Living Strategy?
What were we getting for it?
What possibilities are there?
Where are there "traps" (interference)?
What Doesn't?
What are the Threats?
What is being done to be more thorough?
What were the good decisions in battle, and what decisions cost lives and defeated armies?
What navigational software works with CHS charts?
Why does this cutting-edge approach work?
Who Can Apply?
What is the water that gathers in the centre of the plastic wrap and falls into the smaller inner container called (precipitation)?
What are the ideas and recommendations spawned by the International Commission for Intervention and State Sovereignty worth to the world if they help forestall another Rwanda?
What do you need (structure) for quality?
What can we say, for example, of the blind teacher who doesn't have his or her teacher's handbook?
What activities has it conducted to date?
What does he or she talk or sing about that moves you so?
What official languages obligations should apply, and what mechanisms will ensure that they are met?
What measures do you think need to be taken at European level to combat the high unemployment level and also the high level of youth unemployment in some Member States, especially in the new Member States?
What does that tell them about their own and other person’s level of dependency?
What are the other institutional provisions?
What attitudes and behaviour do you strive to uphold?
Which legal and institutional measures promote citizen solidarity and social responsibility?
What has been your answer to improve these aspects?
What is the duration and level of funding of the Official Languages Research and Dissemination Program?
What can you do if you are feeling suicidal?
What has your department/agency been doing?
What groups did not participate in the real constitutional negotiations in the 1860s?
What are the terms of the study?
What are the positive attributes of the co-operative model as you have experienced it?
What strategies or mechanisms will the HA use to overcome these obstacles?
What rights does copyright grant?
What is your motivation for taking part in this course?
What are nature's instructions for building a face?
What is the association between disease X and risk factors related to lifestyle such as diet, tobacco use, and physical activity level?
What do you conclude from this discussion?
When was he widowed?
What Guidelines Exist for Radon in Indoor Air?
What action has Health Canada taken to eliminate the use of mercury in fungicides?
Who determines which substances are prohibited?
Why youth, and what do you expect in terms of tangible results?
What Arguments and Comments are found  in the Literature?
What are the responsibilities of the lender under the CSBFA program?
What is the basic principle underlying Judicial co-operation?
Why Is Change so Hard?
Which actual target clientele was affected by this project?
What is your ethnic or cultural identity?
What impact might the nature of this discretionary power of the physician have on the problem that concerns us here?
What does this document mean for European linguistic diversity?
What categories would help you explore the questions or issues that concern you?
What accounts for the unlikely presence of water a short distance below the surface of the desert?
What about the option of allowing individuals to consent to do this?
Who can report?
What is the Council's strategy in relation to the process, set up by COP 11 in Montreal, to consider further commitments for the post-2012 period?
What can I do to support the application of my friend, relative or business contact who was refused?
What is it that they are trying to do?
While none of us questions the importance of training, we all ask, "When, and how, can we fit it in?
What kind of role do you think movies and TV, games and magazines and the Web in creating stereotypes?
Who does the work?
Who can give me information on finding birth parents or a child given up for adoption?
What level of performance can be expected?
What are the EU's priorities?
Which could be more traumatic — not seeing a dying parent who had not been a part of that child's life over a long period of time or coming face to face perhaps with a stranger who is in a condition that could only be described as frightening for a child?
Why should employees participate - "Just Tell Us"?
Who has not heard of brutality, terrible raids, their tendency towards raping and pillaging – a lot of it created in our minds by Hollywood?
What about getting information about the mission in terms of the progress while they're there?
What types of personality traits may make someone a good parent?
What is the difference between regulations and standards?
Who will help distract you when you crave a smoke?
When should I read the instructions for safe use?
When and why did the Viking settlements in Greenland die out?
Why do you want to link the data that I provided with the information given by my parent/guardian?
When will medicines for children become available?
Which lessons could be learnt from their experiences?
What changes to food are caused by irradiation?
What do we mean by Cultural Policy?
Why should we place this interest—and this value—at the centre of our foreign policy?
What are the plans for the 1996 Conference?
What kind of training is provided?
What sources of information and knowledge have you drawn from in terms of your understanding of the CEC?
What is the Minimum Detectable Activity (MDA) for your method?
What's the advantage of the electronic training over your name-training seminar?
What if an accommodation conflicts with other regulations or other requests for accommodation?
Why would I register, you know, for one of those courses?
What’s In, What’s Out, What’s All The Fuss About?
Who's minding Alberta's farms?
What is MCI and Alzheimer's disease?
What sections of the Indian Act are affected by the Initiative, and will the remainder of the Indian Act continue to apply?
Which body or bodies should play a lead role?
What will regeneration do to improve the field force operational readiness?
What has been accomplished during the planning period?
What are the challenges or barriers to achieving the objectives?
What is the place of regional and minority languages in the education systems?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of the Small Business Research and Policy website?
What research, policies and practices would improve oral health status and health service?
What's at Stake for Developing Countries?
What was it?
Where can we contact you?
Who is surveyed?
Who has the responsibility to alert the appropriate people that there's a crisis here?
What are the ethical issues raised by this case?
What options do I have if I want to eat healthy?
What tells you that a program like this is successful?
What are some of the problems you might come across in trying to use statistics to compare school or other sports teams of the past with those of today?
Where do the parts come from, how do they fit together and how do they work?
What has been your approach to promoting employee buyout/co-op succession plans?
What is temporary entry?
What are some highlights of your assignments over the years?
What says it is solid ethically or not?
Where can I find out if a certain organization is registered and/or incorporated?
Why do think it was chosen for a picture?
What initially drew you to the subject matter of terrorism and national security?
What is being done to improve our information on the impact of seal predation ?
What meteorological conditions are most conducive to secondary particle formation?
Which of these public education programs has been most meaningful for you?
What are the systemic managerial, economic and cultural barriers underlying the so-called implementation gap on sustainability (the gap between stated commitments and realization of more integrated environment–economy decision making), and how can these be overcome?
What types of services %have/has% %you/he/she% received?
Why do employees devote long hours to work if such activities increase work-life conflict?
What categories of information (unstructured, free format, reference) will this project use?
Which measures has your government taken over the last five years to enable cultural minorities (particularly national minorities, immigrant communities and religious communities) to express their cultural identity and to contribute to the cultural richness of the whole society?
What things seemed to make the situation worse?
Where do I submit my application for certification designation?
What led participants to their conclusions?
What can we do to optimize a cluster's chance of success?
What is the maximum number of hours of work allowed for part-time FSWEP jobs?
Who owns the copyright of the artwork on the cover?
Which view is closest to your own?
What tools or materials do you need from your school?
What will happen to incumbent licensees?
What is the burden of illness, or the cost of resources use, for these diseases or injuries?
What is the due date for this schedule?
Why is this desirable for Canada and the United States?
When thinking about stage tech training, what would you say is the most significant training gap, that is what are the greatest training needs for stage technicians now or in the future?
What would your suggestions be to improve the functioning and implementation of the BEPGs and the EU’s annual economic policy framework, to make them really effective?
What if it is a purely social event to which your spouse has also been invited?
What should Canada be doing?
What does this really mean for Canadian processors and exporters?
What do you think the effects of increased waste generation and disposal will have in the future?
What kinds of dispositions can the Court or the Review Board order?
What kinds of trademarks can be registered?
Who said a Wpns Tech would have to work on weapons?
Which country has the longest coastline in the world?
What is the age of the animals used?
When did this policy take effect and how long will it last?
Why has the CRA chosen to stop mailing out Guide T4033?
While going from door to door during the campaign, people kept asking me: "do you yourself believe that something can be changed with these elections?
What still needs to be done to ensure this information will be available for a summative evaluation in the next two years?
What lessons can be learned from the SME portfolio regarding Strengthening Aid Effectiveness principles—namely local ownership, improved donor coordination, stronger partnerships, results-based approach, and greater coherence of programming?
What happens to an official sample after it is collected?
When analogue signals are no longer available will my analogue television become obsolete?
What has been the reaction to the HELP Programme so far?
What was the original budget this year and what was the actual cut for the student summer jobs program?
What services and supports does the Program offer to your organization?
What proof do I have of the transaction?
What is the result of the Larocque and l'Association des pêcheurs de poisson de fond acadien (APPFA) Federal Court of Canada decisions regarding the use of fish?
Why not become a member today?
What are the unintended impacts (or unexpected results or achievements) of the Career Services program?
Why do we not force pharmaceutical companies to publish all their results?
What did Elizabeth Simcoe achieve in her five years in Upper Canada?
What is the housing situation of unemployed young people?
What do you see as the difference between research and evaluation?
What about confidentiality?
What factors influence those rates?
What constitutes appropriate consent?
What indicators do you think would be appropriate for Aboriginal people and Government for measuring results?
When should students be suspended, transferred, or expelled?
What, however, if that the river is 4,350 kilometres long and flows through four countries?
What makes partnerships successful?
What are our Renewal Priorities for the Short-term and Medium-term?
What are you learning while over there, about yourself and your role as a CF member?
What are the admission criteria?
Where proposed Canadian standards differ from those in other countries, is the difference justified and fully documented?
What if You Are Still Not Satisfied?
What is the recourse mechanism in the promotion process?
Which of the following is the primary reason why you became a business owner?
Which of your parents is going away?
What are the criteria for a group to be identifiable and protected under this section?
What distinguishes evaluation from management reviews?
What about the involvement of a researcher in more than one project within the same Network?
What is the legacy this project is meant to build?
Why would a First Nation opt not to participate in either program?
What are the symptoms of flu?
Which costs can be compensated when an undertaking uses the same infrastructure to provide both SGEI and economic activities which are not qualified as SGEI?
What are the implications of an inadvertent release of a human pathogen?
What's the return on investment (ROI)?
Which colonies joined the federation?
Who is responsible for PERRL and what kind of funding is available?
Who can apply for programs administered by AUCC?
Why should the Canadian Forces be expected to pay?
What is the weight of evidence for or against this reversibility?
What are the economic rights included in the reference all rights reserved?
What's wrong with it?
What are the gender dimensions of a post-deficit economy?
Which snack food was preferred equally by both boys and girls?
What changes might have this effect?
Why is it not the same for a member who retires?
Why are some wild species "at risk"?
What are they?
What is the potential for important new observations or knowledge from the research-users' perspective?
What other deficiencies should be addressed?
Why do you think the Korean Wall of Remembrance is important to Canada?
Why is the reference to "appropriate" storage conditions rather than to "labelled" storage conditions?
What professional competences do teachers need in order to be able to conduct language learning in this context?
What if the client provides new information before his or her tax return is filed?
What mechanisms should the Agency consider establishing to engage Canadians on an ongoing basis in its deliberations and in shaping its future directions?
Where can I find a listing of food allergy alerts recently issued?
Whether or not you have consulted with a guidance counselor what questions would you ask?
What assumptions were made while defining the costing purpose?
What was Canadian Heritage’s involvement, if any, throughout these various stages?
What makes this exchange program different, in comparison to other exchange programs in Canada?
What are the steps in cleaning a drinking water supply?
What exactly did the Union do, given the attitude of the parties in conflict since the beginning of the intifada in September 2000, which meant the end of the peace process and seriously challenged the EU’s vision of resolution of the conflict?
Who's counting what?
What happens when the minimum wage changes?
What challenges for European and national economic policy?
What?
White Christmas Chance of White Christmas Will your Christmas be white and snowy?
What is the timer accuracy for settings greater than 10 minutes?
Why does the Government of Canada make payments in lieu of property taxes?
What Are The Origins Of Anti-personnel Mines?
Who do you hold most responsible for ensuring the safety of drugs in Canada today?
What happens if the strains of the influenza virus included in the annual vaccine do not perfectly match the strains that are circulating and causing illness in Canada?
What areas or issues does the program need to know more about in order to improve?
Who would pay to ensure the participation of a wide audience of interested parties?
What factors contributed?
Where can I find further information?
What kinds of products and services does CGSB currently certify and qualify?
What constitutes a terminal illness?
What protections should individuals expect for their own genetic profiles?
Who assigns the ISBNs to theses?
What is the highest level of formal education that you have completed?
What will you do to ensure that ongoing and future impact assessments, in particular extended impact assessments, will firstly be balanced with regard to their assessment of economic, social and environmental impacts, and secondly not limited to short-term considerations?
What are the evolving connections between mental health promotion, mental health reform and overall health reform?
Who was the first man to sail all the way through the Northwest Passage?
What precisely made changes in family structures and processes generalise and accelerate in recent decades, which some scholars have labelled 'the second demographic transition'33?
What is their involvement in the determination of areas of selection?
What is the approximate height of the smallest peak?
Which common conventions for organizing, presenting and navigating information should you consider?
What is the rate of adherence to that prescribed therapy?
Who is the Crown Prosecutor?
What is your clients', the general public's and your staff's vision of excellent service?
What should be the obligation if there is no relevant national regime in the country of origin?
What is it?
Who can change their reporting period?
What obstacles and risks must we take care to avoid or overcome with respect to the Public Service language training system?
What are their chances of improving their skills later in life?
What percentage of people that you know, I guess, do actually buy their own boots?
What specific things would we train for and how often?
What was your first construction job?
When calculating the total number of hours worked by all employees during the calendar year, should overtime, vacation and sick leave be included in the 20 000 hour threshold?
What's the status of the Eastern Prickly Pear Cactus?
What Does Sex Have to Do With It?
Where do allergens come from?
Which management approach to setting a Total Allowable Catch for grey seals would you prefer?
What types of measures might represent barriers to international trade?
Why Wait for the Euro?
What orientation, learning and other tools are in place?
What can you do to help malaria control in Africa?
What is my personal learning style?
What are the symptoms of asbestosis?
What is the best way to protect the child while providing optimum options for the parent?
What was it like to be taught by these two extreme types of teachers?
What is barbarism?
Why does the OSB require trustees to specify the "Estate Type"?
Which rivers in New Brunswick are Heritage Rivers?
What percentage of the training was relevant to your job?
What is the relationship between the PLT and the Paris Convention for the Protection of Industrial Property?
What is more, the government’s decision-making process, as presented to Parliament and the public, seemed to hinge entirely on two somewhat arcane questions: Did Canada have the right (or indeed the obligation) to participate in military action against Iraq under the terms of existing UN Security Council resolutions, or was an additional Security Council resolution required to authorize such action?
What do I have to do if my marital status has changed?
What about a library with no materials?
What type of training would you recommend as helpful in performing your functions as Assisting Officer?
What will your organization offer to the ADI when it is implemented?
What does "station pressure" mean?
What is an investment contract?
Why is it important to measure this?
Who Manages Canada's Terrestrial Protected Areas?
What are ACOA’s key goals, objectives, and/or long-term targets of the Sustainable Development Strategy (SDS)?
When must the international preliminary report on patentability (Chapter II of the PCT) be established?
Where should I store my fireworks?
When and where was it made?
What additional roles could the federal government play in promoting sustainability without taking on responsibility for ongoing operating costs?
Which example shows all of the individual observations collected?
What program are you currently taking?
What information would you provide on her leave entitlements?
When should I use the regular E-STAT for mapping census data?
What happens to this heat energy?
What are the explanatory details that need to be provided to MPs and to the public?
Who Pays for More Secure Cross-Border Trade with the United States?
What's the Moral Basis of the Neighbour Principle?
Why is the text on your site so small?
What key skills are required in managing Wildlife Habitat Canada?
What happens to an organisation that receives government subsidies for specifically earmarked areas?
What can be done to ensure their availability, especially to publicly funded organizations?
What objectives should your application address?
When Is Outcome Mapping Best Used?
What has to be done by the applicant once the national phase has started?
Whom could I talk to at ABC about my project idea and whether I would be a good candidate for receiving funds?
Why do those cases represent legitimate interventions while other interventions may be qualified as illegitimate?
What economic behaviours and attitudes did travellers favour and why?
What makes you feel good?
What type of drawings or photographs are necessary?
What is the state of the nation’s nuclear arsenal, and in what direction is it likely to change?
What happens after you apply?
Which exclusions of the maritime sector from some EU social legislation are still justified?
Why is money the bottom-line for Department of Indian Affairs and Northern Development when issues of culture, self-government, respect and the environment are what truly counts?
What medical expenses can you claim?
Who and how can control the accuracy of information that can be found on blogs?
What would be the implications on DTH distribution capacity of a move from today's analogue NTSC broadcast system to the new digital A/53?
What information will I need to register?
What are the opportunities for improving the policy?
Which document does the updated Lot Release Guidance Document supercede?
What stage is it at now (on 30 June 1990, when the data were collected)?
Who will ensure continuity in leadership?
What would be the alternatives to be considered if self-regulation fails?
What is its toxicity level?
What is the Difference Between Federal Penitentiaries (and Inmates) and Provincial Prisons (and Prisoners)?
What organizations are eligible for INAC's economic development programs?
What do you do to try to retain managers and supervisors?
What do you think of the new approach by action plan and activity report?
Why did you put it in  your resume?
What types of income will not be deducted from my DI benefits?
What are the effects of Chloramphenicol?
What is the regulatory status of xenotransplantation in Canada?
Which view is closest to your own?
Why hasn't my payment been allocated to my account?
What are some HR metrics for succession planning?
What should I do if I think I might have been infected with a hepatitis virus?
What does the reference to "meritorious good works" mean?
What's going to happen in Moose Jaw?
Why is protecting the Olympic Brand important?
What were those points of law or legal principles?
What is a sufficiently sound or credible scientific basis?
What is Multiculturalism?
What are the practical applications?
What are the priorities under each function?
Why do people withdraw from the labour market What precedes a transition into self-employment?
What did you like best about the action you did take……and what would you do differently next time?
What about directions and information about the settings on your GPS unit?
What is the relationship between the List of Issues and the draft policy objectives and principles?
What Happens When the Father Drinks?
Which are the principles by which the EU policy towards sanctions or restrictive measures is guided?
What are the personal benefits associated with further studies?
What is the EU really prepared to offer in the long term to Ukraine, Moldova and Belarus?
What authority and decision making does this person have regarding the hiring and firing of temporary and contract employees and does that affect persons who are residents of the electoral area?
What health coverage is available to Aboriginal people?
What mix of legislative, regulatory, policy, and educational initiatives has the greatest impact on smoking, and how does such a mix relate to the specific social, cultural, economic, and political characteristics of a province and its population?
What will change as the result of the introduction and operation of each proposed action?
What is the CBCA?
Where do I find aviation weather information?
What was taken into consideration in establishing the funding formula?
What will the role of departments be when using PIMS?
What kind of additional information will be requested?
Which, if any, significant problems or barriers have you encountered - or do you anticipate - when using electronic means whilst participating in public procurement in your own country?
What does it all mean?
What was the gender balance in EUFOR RDC?
What is the status of the non-formal education and literacy programmes that are described on page 30 of the report, and to what extent have they been successful in increasing literacy rates, particularly among ethnic minority women in the Lao People’s Democratic Republic?
Which research areas does it cover?
What are the risks of a loss of autonomy and personal development for persons belonging to x?
What’s new about Mainpro?
Why should a service, even a mandatory one, be paid for by someone other than the user (assuming the user benefits from the service)?
What services are offered at the medical clinic?
What data need to be made available for planning in coastal regions?
Where can I get information about employment with the Department of Finance Canada?
What are the costs associated with this site?
What would happen to those who could not be returned?
What factors do the data suggest are pushing employees to think about leaving?
What is needed to make the e-economy a national priority?
Why Should You Attend IASSIST?
Which of the following best describes his/her telework pattern?
Who would have produced them and who would have used them?
What are the restrictions while I am in the Newly Licensed stage?
What else?
Why did you use a civilian physician at your own expense rather than a military health care facility?
What is the impact of halocarbons on the ozone layer and climate change?
Why did she never wear her wedding trousseau?
What happens to a project after a mediation?
What is the difference between Aboriginal Awareness Week and National Aboriginal Day?
What are the general rules for Euro-Med activities?
Which of these criteria do you think would be appropriate for self-employed persons?
Who knows that Épinal is a small town nestled in the French Vosges, and that Épinal prints have been produced and disseminated worldwide by a modest family firm, the Fabrique Pellerin, in Épinal?
Whither global growth?
Why in Romania, including in official circles, is there resistance, or voices of resistance in respect of the Russian language?
Why not make better use of their potential to help create a safer society?
What has been done to make access to the Commission premises easier?
What is the secret behind Scandinavia’s success?
What tools currently exist at land border crossings to accurately and rapidly identify people wishing to enter Canada?
What is the fundamental difference between them?
When did the Commission exempt new media?
Who are Canadian women exporters?
When and where do we, the privileged and the underprivileged, change sides in the real world?
Who is the intended audience?
What institutional, administrative or regulatory procedures might be appropriate or desirable?
Why would First Nations families or individuals want to borrow and buy a house?
Who May Use the System?
Where the NRT rules apply to a trust for a taxation year, how will the trust’s tax liabilities be calculated?
What should Internet users do about phishing schemes?
Where are our societies headed if company owners consider that quality is too expensive and that workers must be made insecure in order to make them less demanding?
When do new Networks submit the NCE Funding Agreement or NCE Network Agreement?
What are the principles guiding our efforts?
Why is food effect not examined as a factor for "Part A" drugs?
What conclusion could one draw, other than that there was some misleading going on?
What is your progress (this includes outcomes achieved in relation to objectives and progress on targets) to date?
What can I do to ensure my security after an online session?
What is the impact of climate change on the success of measures to increase the carbon sequestration within agricultural soils?
What is your impression of the current and future job market in the fields of film/video in Canada?
What motivates highly skilled people to move from one country to another?
What groups within and without ICANN should consider these policy issues?
Why should Canada draw closer to Europe?
Who can be contacted if my application for a loan has been refused unfairly?
Why does the government charge for medical marihuana?
Why did you close it down?
What happens when the tree is cut down, severed from its roots?
Who is using which resources?
What does Recourse mean?
Which of the subsets are additionally being considered through application of tools, and which tools are being applied?
Who can participate in the FAST program?
Why is there a need for a Directive on unfair commercial practices?
What are the alternatives with respect to the design and delivery of WDP?
What is the status of these Agreements?
What happened during the session?
Why is this process important to the democratic system?
What sector(s) does this resource apply to?
What are the intentions of the group?
What progress has been made to identify these assets and their operational cost?
Why use XML?
What is the relationship between different pedagogies and different technological platforms?
What are the programs and services that will be available to the FNI’s membership?
Which of these other brands of sweet-tasting sauces and toppings have you heard of?
What happens if I receive a UCCB overpayment?
Why don’t we build on what we’ve achieved in fuel cells and invent the hydrogen economy right here?
What is strong two-factor authentication?
What is (are) the underlying driver(s)?
What is known, from Canadian and international experience, about the effects of allocating resources for immediate urgent health care concerns without concomitant and adequate investments in primary prevention for which benefits are not perceived in the short-term?
What about Eating Raw Seafood?
When is an herbal product regulated as a drug?
What is the benefit cost ratio and payback period?
What is the role of each of these employees at HRDC?
What are the functionally different ways to meet the project need and achieve the project purpose?
What are the criteria used to assess a Youth Exchange?
What are the leave codes approved by the Treasury Board Secretariat to be used to record this leave?
What percent of your sales will be coming from export activities in 2006?
What if my project doesn’t get funded by DFO?
Why not keep the children busy with nice stories about the protection of the environment or development cooperation?
What purpose would prior notification serve if the government can still disclose personal information without our consent?
What’s the difference between a contribution and a grant?
Why is section 8 a prohibition?
Why was it that the term "normal" was used in former context and "unrestricted" in the latter?
What is a community to you?
Which games did people enjoy the most?
What are German travellers looking for in their next trip to Canada?
What would have happened to these employees who already worked for the company if Aboriginal Business Canada had not provided assistance?
What is their track record?
What sorts of things that we say and do everyday, show that we are at war with ourselves and do not have a quality of inner peace?
What if the client provides new information after his or her tax return is filed?
Where does this self-satisfied reaction come from?
What are the specific languages, methods, techniques and tools for implementing enterprise architectures, their common features, their differences and their future trends?
What are the standards to be followed nationally?
What is the impact of housing costs on young families?
What can be done to address these problems?
What is matrimonial real property?
When First Nations leaders were asked to surrender their traditional lands by marking their names to treaties, many of them asked treaty commissioners and others, "How can we sell what we do not own?
What percentage of employees working for Canada’s larger firms report high levels of burnout?
What is the impact of balancing work and family on relationships within the family and on the health and well-being of the family?
What if my female partner has tested positive for HPV?
Why do businesses created during a recession have a better chance of survival?
Where can I get the original Medical Form IMM1017 which I’m supposed to include in my application?
Why hand down a ruling after all the decisions have already been made?
Which best describes you?
What evaluations of networks has IDRC conducted?
Where?
What is it and who decides?
What about regional needs and priorities?
Who will pay the tobacco products inventory tax?
Who would want to live next to a person like me?
Where are the women who are heads of the departments of surgery, internal medicine and so forth in the medical profession?
Why would the department be compelled to release a specific list of pension recipients because a general list or former MPs is publicly available?
What kind of challenges did that pose?
What kind of programs would best fill those gaps?
Where, how and by whom will the pesticide be used?
What do I see as the challenges to our way of life, our way of making immigrants citizens?
Why has the Government chosen to liberalize these services?
Why Was Canada So Anti-Semitic?
Why is Europe worth having?
What do you think about the celebrity band wagon - Darfur becoming a "fashionable" cause?
What should Canadians do if they have a suspected side effect to any health product?
What practical methods are there to put the Code of Conduct into effect in the management of harvesting capacity on an ongoing basis?
What is biotechnology?
What other information do you require?
Why does not the rapporteurs’ draft resolution ask the Monegasque Government to change the position as soon as possible?
What progress has been made in strengthening the capacity of low-income countries to produce and use research to decrease the burden of disease on poor and disadvantaged people?
What are the remaining commitments to the end of the fiscal year?
What have been the strengths / weaknesses of the projects implemented to date?
What does that mean for the sustainability of our publicly financed health care system?
Why did you select me for another one?
What happens if I refuse to use a Designated Travel Card (formerly known as an Individual Travel Card)?
What criteria should be used to modify Schedule A?
What is the symbolism of the medal?
What is the intention of the requesting State in regard to the surplus?
What kind of new skills are needed for art history?
Why has it taken so long to begin these consultations?
Why, though, is a northern foreign policy needed "now" in particular?
Why do you want to become a Citizens’ Advisory Committee member?
What action is the Commission taking to require all Member States to submit allocation plans?
What is the genetic basis of mortality?
What is considered a portable facility and how do I report latitude and longitude coordinates for my portable facility if I move it from one location to another over the calendar year?
What are the industry realities and practices?
What is a not-for-profit corporation?
Why can't my representative view information for me using my own epass?
Which station will probably have the higher station pressure, A or B?
When is the right time to call in rescue resources?
What adaptation strategies by local communities to climate change have been documented?
What is your opinion on the potential use of CEA in this way?
What would be the advantages or disadvantages of licensing these undertakings?
What effect would measures to deal with trust agreements have on these arrangements?
What key elements of the PSMA does your Department/Agency need to concentrate on to operationalize the new Act?
What would it mean to patients, their families and care givers?
What other implications are there of this new trade game?
Why do the butterflies migrate to such faraway mountains?
What part of the infrastructure of the District of Kitimat are you planning to use with the Bish Cove location?
Why Quit?
What are the priority areas for response?
What happens if a customer receives an AAR for late dosimeters, but the dosimeters have, in fact, been returned?
What is going on?
What information should be reported?
What would we do without it?
What would motivate a company to target youth?
What statutory rights do different actors have in the development, promotion and regulation of e-learning?
Which of the following have you used on your farm operation in the past two years?
What else should patients know about taking NEXAVAR?
What changes are required to improve the Shared Systems Initiative?
What is meant by "commercial time" and "program time"?
Where are the sunny locations and the locations with the most clouds?
Why do we in Canada and other countries often name a place after a famous person, when that person may not even have been to that place?
What has the creation of this organization meant, not only to its members but also to the international community as a whole?
Why is there this growing interest in the environment?
What contribution is there for a city with a professional team?
What might be some of the underlying assumptions of the logic model?
What role should DE units play (if any) in supporting the use of campus-based online learning?
What examples of LA/SA errors come to mind when you reflect on this issue?
What further changes do you intend to make?
What Are the Objectives of the AAP?
Why is Industry Canada going to use an auction to assign this spectrum?
What is the aim of the Education reimbursement for the Regular Force program?
What spectrum of expertise is required to analyze and evaluate cases of NHP-drug interaction?
When will the federal government’s Nation-Wide Process occur?
What protection do we get if Sam fails to vigorously pursue the TB vaccine?
What other anti-racism programs are you aware of?
Why does it sometimes take years to settle a specific claim?
Who, among those who should be serving as models for others, that is, who among the leaders of political parties, denies his own financial machinations with a smirk?
What is wrong with $500 million for the Canada Foundation for Innovation?
Why are networks of ties to organizations most important to the self-reported health of seniors and immigrants?
Why do Aboriginal peoples want land?
Why unsustainable?
What was the name of the program?
What are the implications for program design in meeting the goals of CED?
When was it established?
What is the impact of the new combination of modules on the quality of the WAR program?
What is the highest grade of elementary high school (secondary school) that you have completed?
What are my main financing options?
Who cares for children when they are sick?
Why is the federal government encouraging provinces, territories and municipalities to pursue public-private partnerships (P3s)?
What degree of certainty can be attached to the estimates of occurrence and magnitudes of these predicted effects?
What conclusion would you make from this experiment?
What are the determinants of OA-related disability?
What would you say the level of voluntarism is in this community?
What were the contributing factors?
Why is this report special?
What can a registered charity do if it has not met its charitable spending requirement (disbursement quota)?
Where does Canada fit in the global transportation network?
What happens if you have a capital gain?
What is a fair disposition of resources between suburban residents who primarily drive and are heavily dependent on adequate road infrastructure, or – if they take transit – are difficult to service efficiently because of low densities, and the greater number of transit users who reside in Vancouver and the inner ring of suburbs?
What alternatives exist that would make YMAAP more effective and efficient?
What is a reclassified job?
Who wrote the notes and what do they mean?
What are their demographics?
What species of animals can carry the influenza virus?
What services and supports does the Program offer to funding recipients?
What measures should be taken to improve client satisfaction, program performance, cost effectiveness, and impacts, and to provide feedback to managers and those to whom DFAIT is accountable?
What to Report?
What unique aspects regarding FLIP's must be carefully monitored?
What are the chances of a White Christmas in any given year in Canada?
What about marital status   in relative terms?
What protective gear will make riding a foot-propelled scooter safer?
What would be appropriate indicator species for nanomaterials?
What is the National Aquatic Animal Health Program (NAAHP)?
What’s in it for the blog-meister?
What can Elections Canada and Aboriginal communities do to increase Aboriginal young people's understanding of and interest in the federal electoral process?
What rights do you think should be included in the new constitution?
What do we think of the present concrete reality of the ESDP, what are our requirements and what suggestions do we have to give it more substance?
What progress was achieved during the previous year with respect to professional development in the program of study?
What were the main reasons for discontinuation?
What concrete measures will be taken (and when?
What is the US response?
What is the value attached to fairness and solidarity in income distribution?
What are the most important things firms need to do to be innovative?
Why wasn’t it easy to read?
Which province consumes more electricity than all the others combined?
What are the potential consequences for non-compliance?
What will be the role of the Electronic Communications Market Authority?
Why are the MAC levels set so low?
What is a temporary resident visa (TRV)?
What role do the country-specific recommendations, proposed by the Commission and endorsed by the European Council, play in the discussions taking place in your country?
Which of the following foods have you bought IN THE PAST 4 WEEKS?
What are the challenges confronting TK holders?
What should be the nature and extent of any new protection system for databases?
What does Health Canada do with the AR report form?
What will prevent some people from conforming to them?
When government acts as a symbol manager, does it do so with the connivance of the media or does it do so independently?
Why ?
What is our reaction?
What improvements to the Web site can we expect to see in the future?
Why is it important to recover the history of black women’s resistance to racism?
What was your main reason for visiting our Web Site?
What are the particular new missions with which armed forces in the region could be entrusted?
What impact has NATCP funding had?
Where is it possible to get the medical forms to do the medical examination?
Why should they care about it?
What will the Commission do to stop the pollution of the River Rába and the destruction of the living world there?
What economic effects is the proposal likely to have?
Why is it wrong to infringe someone else’s right to life?
What's New at Cities Feeding People?
Why are trans fats a health concern?
What does the term "conducting research" mean to you?
What about hydrolysed plant protein, starch, and lecithin?
What assessment procedures or techniques are used to determine whether employees know this?
What steps are taken to ensure that national targets are included in local plans of work?
What job is right for you?
What Factors May Affect Expected Results?
What about companies not on Environment Canada's mailout list?
What are the main obstacles to fulfilling the Mission’s priorities?
What kind of impact is the payment for completion guarantees on project financing?
What was your role in these projects?
What Will Affect Our Work in this Planning Period?
What are the next steps that CIHR should take?
Why are the rights of deputy heads different from the rights of employees?
Who can claim the incremental cost of GF products?
Why on earth would you want a happy journalist?
What do you see as the possible barriers to entry into the workforce that Aboriginals may face in the construction industry?
What is accounting?
What's the incentive for me as a captain to think, gee, I really want to be in that man's shoes one day?
What assessment instruments or procedures are in place?
What Is Health Promotion?
What is/should be communicated?
Why does GATS involve a hierarchy of rights and obligations?
What steps are taken in the manufacture which may eliminate the potential presence of prions?
Where can I get pre-clearance for the advertising of natural health products authorized for sale in Canada?
What meteorological conditions are most conducive to secondary particle formation?
What do rural people experience when they get sick?
What are the benefits of RTID and when will RTID agencies begin to experience them?
Why, though, is a northern foreign policy needed now in particular?
What, for you, is the key feature of that relationship – which is really central to the business of regulating social services?
What does WIPO offer as a dispute resolution service provider?
What has been the impact and effectiveness of these, and any other measures taken?
What, then, can agencies like the International Development Research Centre (IDRC) and the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) do?
What is the medical definition of MDR-TB and XDR-TB?
What conditions does the LLP student have to meet?
Why will homeopathic medicines bear the designation DIN-HM, while other natural health products will bear the designation NPN?
What happens if the Form T2046 is not filed?
What is Parkinson’s Disease?
When we are successful, what will we see?
When is an RDSP no longer considered registered?
Who may register a standardized vocabulary?
Why did you not receive a payment?
What do you intend to do to reduce these losses?
What is Parks Canada doing to save the Blanding's turtle?
What types of legal instruments should be used?
What is an unfair labour practice complaint?
What if I'm away for only a few hours?
What Does it Mean for the Canadian Assistive Device Industry?
Why is drama appropriate for a dialogic approach to the literary text in FLT?
Where can FP firms make their profits?
What events could unfold in the future and how would they affect the value of our investments?
Why?
What is the advantage for the buyer of lending his stock?
What then would be a reasonable time for an extended search in the circumstances of this case?
What would you hope to accomplish during this session?
What does the Public Service Labour Relations Act mean for managers?
What is your firm’s minimum acceptable unit gross margin for the identical or substitutable fabrics identified above?
What Interpretations Can Be Made From the Motions Doppler Radars Detect?
What would simulate additional growth and profitability in your company?
What assumptions were made regarding cooking methods?
What do I need to qualify?
What transmission options are available to send pre-arrival electronic information to the CBSA?
What is Recorded Information Management?
Which parliamentary committee will consider this bill?
What might help me to handle these situations?
Why is it important to know what is happening to the next generation in these mixed families?
What effects will the next influenza pandemic have?
What are the benefits to a National Society in having auxiliary status with its government(s)?
Who sets, administers, and/or collects security taxes?
What are the risks and opportunities to ensuring a universal service in a competitive environment?
What is working well?
Why do we need to reduce the number of Canadians reporting high family-to-work interference?
What was it like to be a fan of Maurice Richard and the Montréal Canadiens in the winter of 1946, and why did Roch Carrier write about this period of his life?
Why wait?
What measures are needed to ensure a proper analysis of costs and benefits in assessing health risks?
What do you see?
What does it mean?
What are we trying to accomplish?
Which figure should the non-resident corporation use to calculate its worldwide taxable sales for GST/HST registration purposes, $20,000 or $520,000?
Why is it so important to have universally accepted environmental indicators?
What are the procedures for quality control?
What is a competitive line(CLR) rate based on?
What are the common side effects and how serious are they?
What are the measures specifically concerned with promoting language learning?
What is the value members attach to their identity as members of the linguistic community?
Why are all the Musical Ride horses black?
What do I need to know to register a payroll deduction account for domestic service?
What must be included in submissions for FOA?
Which of the following statements is correct as regards the new structure of British Energy?
What percentage of the families from the identified area are lone parent families?
What means do we have at CIC for expressing our concerns regarding values and ethics?
What is Learning?
What was the budget used for these advisory services?
What is the single biggest reason for wildlife problems in Canada?
Who do I contact if I have more questions?
What pluralistic approaches are mainly dealt with?
What are the views of the provincial commissioners on this issue?
What research has the Expert Working Group undertaken and how will the results be used to address key policy issues?
What are the specific needs of NGOs in the 13 countries?
What are the population trends in diet-related health conditions and how do these relate to trends in food and nutrient intake?
What are your thoughts on how the program can maintain its relevance over the next decade?
What steps would be taken to improve communication with in the Branch Office and among the units?
What should the effect of an attachment order be on ongoing operations?
What is your highest year of schooling?
Why is INAC creating a new and improved Status card?
What do the results teach us about habitat loss and badgers and other organisms?
What plans are there for the long-term monitoring of decommissioned mine sites?
What is a Medication Error?
What concrete measures do you consider necessary in order to ensure that the concept of gender mainstreaming is implemented in your specific policy area?
What does Canada need to do right now to meet this long-term objective?
What tracking/monitoring mechanisms have been put in place to collect information on participants and interventions?
What support could the Georgian authorities provide in respect of that political approach?
What are the risk indicators and the assumptions behind them?
What mitigation measures have been included, and how do they minimize the potential impacts on listed species and/or habitats?
What was the state of Parteq when you left as Chair at the end of 2001?
What is meant by 8 point type and 12 point leading?
Why do Environmental Non Government Organizations have to work so hard to raise ecological integrity as a consideration when talking with Parks representatives?
What brands of sweet-tasting sauces and toppings can you think of?
Why is the pay system slow from time to time?
Why must the leave be from five weeks to three months?
Why effective management of IM/IT for results?
What on earth is an "internal, trans-vaginal probe?
What is an EFP?
Where do you find your Web access code?
What value will they add to the team?
Why?
Why create a Privacy Impact Assessment Audit Guide?
What average unit gross margin was earned on your firm’s domestic sales of the identical or substitutable fabrics identified above in each of the past three years?
What would be the point in having governments if you can't shape your societies within the limits of the reality of that society?
What about joining the Eritirean and Somalian?
What, then, should ministers do when they gather in Washington?
What are you looking forward to most at the festival?
When did the transfer become effective?
What is the main reason why you have not taken this step in the past 12 months?
What can we do in our school?
What is considered qualified clinical research for the LRP-CR?
What will be the impact of the retirement of baby boomers on younger workers?
What are the implications for women and men, boys and girls arising from such understanding?
What was the estimated total expenditure on education in 2001-2002 in Canada?
What were the preconditions for enhancing excess information and knowledge?
What advantages would you see with the publication of a pre-decision summary, and a period of public comment prior to approval of a GM food or crop?
What infrastructure already exists and how could we make better use of it?
What is the impact of uncertainty associated with the evidence and values used in the guidelines?
What is a causeway?
What should the public look for?
What innovative features does it have, if any?
Which of our Dane-zaa Dreamers were associated with this place?
What are the current Health Canada total intake limits for methyl mercury for Canadians?
What have been the contribution rates to the Public Service pension plan and to the CPP/QPP since 2004?
What is livability and what elements compose a livable city?
What specific tools, including life-cycle assessment, can be used to facilitate this objective and measure its progress?
What is "election advertising"?
What is the role of education systems in confronting this new challenge?
When will this information be released?
Why does Canada have a hormone-free cattle program?
When did you first start working full time?
Who Will Give You Your Domain Name?
What is an Organizational Readiness Assessment (ORA)?
What criteria should we use to determine the scale and scope of an economic impact assessment?
What can you do when you are far away from home in a country where you don't know a soul or don't speak the language?
What (if anything) appears to be working at the broader systems level of activity in your jurisdiction (and why)?
What is Parks Canada doing to save the Prairie Grasslands?
Which elements would you see as relevant for inclusion?
What are the consequences if the recommended option is not implemented?
What's New?
What’s Getting in the Way of Patient Care?
Why would the same submission (in the same wording) be approved year after year?
What is the assessment, if any, of your Chamber on the interaction between the single monetary policy conducted by the ECB and the different economic and fiscal policies conducted by Euro area Member States?
Why are antimicrobials used in food-producing animals?
What is TB?
Where do most of your graduates go on completion of the Program?
What is a licence?
When is soil at most risk of erosion?
What tools or materials do you need to bring from home?
What did you do to deal with this person?
When should I talk to my boss?
Who can provide crisis intervention mental health counselling?
What is the minimum height of information/ticket desks?
What conventional romance, "true confession" formulae might this story take?
When is the deadline to implement my plan?
What type of measures should be implemented to ensure patient safety?
What do I mean by "allow"?
What are the Next Steps?
When can you make the election?
Why is China Booming?
When the evidence against you was presented at your Summary Trial, were you or your Assisting Officer permitted to question each witness?
What efforts have been made or are planned by the Russian and Chechen authorities to promote a political reconciliation process in the Chechen Republic?
What kinds of subject matter can be protected?
What strategies should be employed to address the current gaps in drug safety and effectiveness knowledge?
What is the difference between the terms epidemiology and surveillance?
What is Health Canada doing to ensure the quality of recreational water?
What forms of behavior in relation to the protectable TCEs/EoF should be considered unacceptable/illegal?
Who Wants To Be a Millionaire?
Whenever feasible, should manufacturers establish their own standards for product design and manufacturing, with Health Canada playing a monitoring role to ensure that the standards result in safe products?
What happens when an application is deficient or incomplete?
Why is it important to register your trade-mark?
Why is it important to pay particular attention to issues such as recruitment, leadership and learning?
Why The Community- Based Approach?
Who's Cooking Dinner?
What forces will need to be applied to make it work?
What does wellness mean to you, why does it matter and how is it different from good health?
Why do injury and physical trauma matter?
Where was Beringia and why was it important to the intercontinental movement of people and animals?
Why don't we just scrap them and get newer ones?
Where can you get financial assistance?
Who has prepared the Plan for Public Involvement?
Why were so many people in financial markets so sure that the Fed’s late-March meeting statement heralded a likelihood of interest-rate hikes soon, rather than being simply an acknowledgement (as the Fed explicitly stated) that what had been very unlikely was now a possibility?
What year was the UN established?
Where is everything located?
Why is franchising relevant for artisans and visual artists?
Where will the extra money go?
When Purified Water is used as a raw material in drug product formulations, what tests should be performed in terms of monitoring of its microbial quality ?
What is the significance of f2 while comparing dissolution test results?
Who is reminding the Prime Minister about his election promises?
Who is eligible for the CANPASS - Private Aircraft program?
Who is this information shared with?
What other treatments have been used to treat Parkinson’s disease?
What follow-up action for study subjects who are already enrolled in the study do you recommend?
What are the rules of the electronic road?
What then is to be deduced from this examination of the scheme of the Act and Regulations insofar as the circumstances of the instant case are concerned?
What does the draft comprehensive proposal mean for the OSCE?
What happens if someone is on sick leave while on maternity or parental leave, and what are the effects on the respective allowances?
What loyalty do they deserve for minimum wage and slow progress?
What is the structure of a patent application?
What personal information do we collect, for what purpose and by which technical means?
What is a competitive contract?
Who gets first call on the profits from the commercial operations—the charity's program areas or the business?
What was the result of this evaluation?
Which communities or groups share an interest in the outcome of the issue?
What do the Commission plan to do after the Court of Justice Decision?
What is the relationship to the typical supervisory role (supervisor/employee relationship)?
Why then are there concerns within the Flight Safety organization that tool control, a very user-friendly system, is not being taken seriously by CF maintenance personnel?
Why have we done better than target?
When can expect my interview to be scheduled?
Who's Doing What?
What does Health Canada do with the reports people send in?
What if you want to repay earlier?
What type of temporary resident visa do I need?
What is it we know and what is it we need to know?
What is the World Trade Organisation for and why has it become so important?
What is early prostate cancer?
Which Government ministry(ies), department(s), agency(ies) and office(s) in your country deals with questions concerning the legal protection of expressions of folklore?
What is the name of the current period?
Which views do you believe are universal, held by all fathers everywhere?
What are some informational risks to communities participating in health research?
What are the Standards?
Where's the next big opportunity?
Where's the problem in obtaining the approval?
What are the processes and structures through which power is exercised, including decision making, who participates and how do they participate?
What are its advantages/disadvantages?
When all these increases are complete, how much more will I be paying in contributions than I am now?
What level of assurance is there that the current level of safety in the Winnipeg Laboratories will always be maintained?
What other questions should this package answer?
Why is the Department implementing a Virtual Radio Licence?
Who has to report; the corporations or the individual facilities?
What tax fraction will I use to calculate an ITC when I redeem coupons from the retailers on or after January 1, 2008?
What impact does the contribution and collection mechanism decision have on the small independents?
What is a multi-employer plan (MEP)?
Who participates in which forms of assessment/evaluation?
What are the determinants for first year withdrawal from post-secondary?
What is an agricultural organization?
What is the impact on the Internal Market of the inconsistent transposition of optional elements?
What will they do for leisure activities?
Why not take inspiration from Thomas More’s Utopia by trying give it practical expression?
Why was there no discussion of the expenditures incurred by surrogate mothers?
What are the duties of a bankrupt?
What happens once the application is served and filed?
What about newsstands?
Why is he expected to win?
What lessons did some of you pick up on getting the mission done right during Operations?
What is your MOTHER TONGUE, that is the first language that you learned and can still speak?
What do I need to provide with my application?
What is the application deadline date for the 2003 RWDP?
Who was responsible to make sure that the pins are in fact removed?
When will the Commission come forward with its proposal concerning the review process of 'TV without Frontiers' and what will be its priorities?
What is the effective date of deregistration?
What did we learn?
What sort of guarantees do we have that within three to six months something is going to happen?
What are the challenges and opportunities that are inherent to the groups as they relate IMHA's six foci: Arthritis, bone, skin, oral health, muscle, and MSK rehabilitation research?
What is the point of converting a spreadsheet to XML simply to send it to another spreadsheet user who will import the XML back into a spreadsheet?
Why would governments not do the same?
Who can Register a Domain Name?
What should be the Olympic Movement's position in relation to virtual communities?
What exactly is horizontal management?
Why is the Newfoundland Marten in danger?
What will happen to learners currently in language training with the School but whose training will not be complete by April 1st, 2007?
Who is subject to the Regulations?
What is/are the principal difference(s)?
Whether Articles 5 and 6 of Regulation 261/2004 (or part thereof) are invalid on grounds that they are inconsistent with the principle of legal certainty, and if so whether this invalidity (in conjunction with any other relevant factors) affects the validity of the Regulation as a whole?
What do you see as the primary benefit to program consolidation?
Why Don't Great Lakes Fish Reflect Environmental Concentrations of Organic Contaminants?
What sort of ciphers or codes might be hidden in graffiti that may shed light on gangs?
What is the most important thing?
What will Alberta funding be used for?
What percentage of their incomes are families prepared to spend on accommodation?
Why is listing or not listing Redside Dace important to you?
What is the current legislation in place regarding lotteries in general and sports lotteries specifically?
What can I do to help protect the environment from chemical risks?
What does "an environmental matter in the context of sustainable development" mean?
What evidence exists to support such conclusions?
Why do consumers opt for a costly financing method like "lease-to-own"?
Who should not be treated with ATRIANCE™?
Why is it that many of the soils in eastern Canada cannot neutralize acid rain very well?
Why is not even one megatonne of reductions in Canada required?
What is the primary subject of the book?
Why, then, does this Prime Minister believe that it is appropriate and acceptable to provide representation to the people of Montreal through such an appointment when he apparently does not believe that the people of Prince Edward Island are entitled to the same consideration?
What would happen to the graph if we removed the data for British Columbia?
Who is responsible for defunct departments and how do they access them?
What do you see?
What are the demographic characteristics of donors?
What is the reasonable expectation of a successful prosecution?
What if Canada is doing something drastically wrong today, right?
What will be the cost of generating the new data, and what sources are available to fund the work?
Who are the external accrediting bodies?
What traces have they left behind?
Who has never seen skiers at the start, eyes closed, visualising their route before launching themselves onto the course?
What documents form the basis of the international preliminary examination?
What variations exist internationally in curricular content and length/nature of training of particular health professions, and is there evidence of related international variation in the nature and quality of care provided?
What is the proportion of judges and prosecutors who are full- time / part-time instructors and/or members of the management?
What particular approach do they take?
What rate of tax applies to this lease payment?
What could be the financial implications of an EG&S policy?
What does it take to operate day-in and dayout safely and mishap-free with training — as well as live — munitions?
What other types of training/learning activities should I be pursuing?
What is the Foreign Convention and Tour Incentive Program?
What does the Agency contribute, in concrete terms, to the life of people in the regions of Quebec?
Why are changes necessary?
What is an affiliated person?
Who do I talk to?
What role should PETS play in protecting privacy?
Who is responsible for caring for World Heritage Sites?
Which groups are receiving funds?
What else should patients know about taking SATIVEX®?
What role does conflict prevention play in the EU’s approach to foreign policy?
Who is eligible for health care in Canada?
Which of the following reasons would influence your response?
What specialized resources may be needed?
What kind of benefits might be expected in 2nd generation crops?
Why, in 2002, is it that Aboriginals have not been able to crack the ceiling that prevents us from being the players in the broadcasting industry that we have the inherent capacity to be?
Where do they think it might be best to intervene?
What are the specific challenges in implementing the Policy in the short- and long-term?
What have been the most successful solutions in addressing these challenges?
What are the ramifications of recent social spending cuts for these women’s lives?
What body is responsible for approving educational curricula for (chiropractors, massage therapists and naturopaths)?
What role do you play with regard to the Official Languages in Education Program (OLEP)?
What is the Government of Canada doing to protect us against the next pandemic?
What is youth's level of confidence in their ability to quit (self-efficacy indicator)?
What conditions apply to your personal exemptions?
What is a "specific amount of food"?
What is your position on complete versus minimum harmonisation of consumer protection and what initiatives do you plan to take to improve the regulatory framework for consumer protection?
What are the main challenges to ensuring a supply of highly skilled people?
What should the relationship be between public servants and parliamentarians in service delivery programs to the public?
What is behind this stunning development?
Where can I find more information?
What strategies should be considered to reduce risk of WNV transmission through transfusion or transplantation?
What will the government do to ensure that will happen, to give us the infrastructure?
What are Compliance and Enforcement?
What means of transport are offered?
Which of these snack foods has the lowest amount of sodium for a 50 g serving?
Why change tobacco product labelling now?
What enforcement action will be taken on non compliant products?
Who will help distract you when you crave a smoke?
What criteria were used to award the tender?
What is the role of genomic imprinting in mammals?
When the question was changed in January 1996 to 'do you approve or disapprove of the use of British troops in Bosnia for peacekeeping purposes?
Who do you smoke with?
What issues of prior informed consent arise when genetic resources are used to develop a patented invention?
What were the barriers/challenges/glitches/breakdown in implementation?
What are the most common health needs and health issues identified through the surveying process?
What are the strengths and implications of rights-based approaches to health as a response to globalization?
What is a chargeable emplanement?
What are the links between national policies and local practices that degrade resources?
What can be done to manage these issues?
Who can use the program?
Where can I get more information about the Registered Disability Savings Plan (RDSP)?
What is Diversity?
Who is entitled to take collective action?
What impact would increased harvesting efforts in interception fisheries, as could occur without a PST agreement, have on the probability of extinction of weak Pacific Northwest stocks?
What does she think caused the change (for the better) in her relationship with her partner?
What do I have to do to prepare for operation and maintenance of my system?
What is the nature of their involvement?
Why is the alternative not simply "satisfactory performance on an approved PSC test"?
What’s Important About Landmines?
Who awards the Training for Tomorrow Educational Awards?
When you go to a city to work on a transformative regeneration strategy, how do you approach your project, and get to know the unique cultural landscape of the city?
What are the missing gaps in knowledge, methods, data sources and capacity?
When we are successful, what will we see?
What limitations on the use, for instance to reflect cultural concerns, should be imposed?
What have your training, learning and development experiences and opportunities been like?
What about jazz festivals or fund-raising galas?
Where are the Canadian Rangers located?
What should be the nature of obligation on the patent applicant that should satisfy the requirement of prior informed consent?
What is An Invasive Alien Specie Strategy for Canada?
What coordination is planned between the Olympic transport command centre and the Olympic security command centre?
Where else can you find the latest in search and rescue gadgets, training materials, technologies and services all in one place?
What types of income will you have?
What do you want to achieve through your presentation?
What is the Advisory Committee doing to change this and what achievements have been made in this domain?
What is the foreseeable impact of a sui generis protection on the use and exchange of information?
What happens if my accreditation or registration status is revoked?
What are the principles of the program?
What would be the best organizational and management models to enable a university to maintain its contract work at a level it deems consistent with its capacities and its expertise?
What is the long-term safety of the novel adjuvant and expression systems used in the HPV vaccine?
What is a "sentinel product" in the complex exposure tool?
What is the best way of responding to social demands submitted via unconventional or non-institutionalised channels?
What is the process to import a natural health product to Canada?
What are the Local VoIP service providers 9-1-1 obligations ?
Why do we then continue to limit our clinical teaching within the walls of the hospital and claim to be producing competent doctors?
Who can issue a "fatwa" or declare "jihad"?
What is happening nationally regarding smoking prevalence?
What is the total number of your travel party members, including yourself, who have gone or will go to [@Name2] on this trip?
What innovative tools and approaches have EQUAL projects developed that could be adopted by practitioners in the future?
Which of the following do you believe would help you to improve your health and well being and which of the following do you intend to change in the next year?
What are the costs for which the travelers are entitled to be compensated?
What should the nature of the remedy against the tamperer be, given he or she may be distinct from the infringer or the potential infringer?
What related activities, if any, have occurred since returning?
When will passengers not qualify for temporary authorization?
What is the "right" balance between systemic/organizational/operational flexibility and compliance with fundamental principles, elements, and standards?
What is makeup?
What characterized Japanese society in Shanghai and what types of institutions did these Japanese expatriates create there?
Who pays for palliative care?
What happens when I arrive in Canada?
What happens if you do not repay the amount you have to repay for the year?
What will be the future for the next generation?
What is the added value that europarlTV offers for the user compared to other communications channels?
What do you think about women working outside the home?
What more can Government do to support all types of volunteering in the local community?
What about removing conventional forces from this equation, inserting lesser numbers, less visible, and at less cost?
Where can I obtain more detailed information on greenhouse gas reporting?
Why not decide together that ten years hence increasing child poverty rates will be a thing of the past, that illiteracy will be erased from our communities and that when it comes to international tests, our students will not simply do fine -- but in fact be the very finest?
What adjustments have you made, if any?
Who are the stakeholders?
Which aspects of the uniforms relate directly to the work of the nurse?
Why implement GBA in Health Canada?
What is the bird flu virus that has made some domestic birds and humans sick?
What about the agricultural sector?
What makes these people return to Canada?
Who will write press releases and develop relationships with media personnel?
What will Dockside Green's gasification unit use for biomass fuel?
Where else can you find sales people that you have already paid for through your taxes?
What approaches are most effective for defining these?
Why was a change made from a fixed interest rate?
When will the program be available, end or transition?
Where do producers get information on how to take advantage of the program?
What makes soldiers do as they are told?
What is P2P file sharing?
What has been your experience travelling to airports across the country?
What was the date of his current marriage?
What is the division of responsibility between military forces and civilian law enforcement authorities for law enforcement activities?
Who has heard of folk-poet Pierre Falcon?
What, if any, are the main impediments to improving the ecological integrity of this NWA/MBS?
What is being done to reduce levels of trans fats in food?
When developing education and resources for these various information providers, it is important to talk to consumers about their experiences in discussing natural health products: what information are consumers looking for from these different types of information providers, how is this information best communicated to them, and what are the respective roles of these different types of information providers?
What are your aims and goals?
Why is the commuted value calculated with rules set by actuaries?
What are the challenges?
What is personal information?
What is the first step in preparing for certification?
Where are Boreal Caribou?
Why was Chuck Cadman's private member's bill not only supported by the Liberal government but now when the Liberals have an opportunity, why do they not take his advice?
What is done with the results from clinical trials?
What are the key goals, objectives, and/or long-term targets of the SDS?
Where is your business or organization physically located (operating address)?
Who delivers the product/service?
What settlement is there to obstruct?
What is a promotion program?
What is a Student Allowance?
What happens if an owner fails to comply with the regulations?
Who Do I Contact?
Where might "camping seats" be classified, if there was such a thing?
Which Canadian ports are best positioned to respond to these trends?
What holds the galaxies together?
What is the document about?
What geographical regions are the primary markets for your products?
Which SD issue area(s) are relevant to your branch/program?
Why should the opposing forces in Turkey behave with restraint if the moderating prospect of EU membership no longer exists?
What is your level of agreement or disagreement with the following statements regarding the best use of all types of evidence?
What strategies are linked to career advancement in the knowledge sector of the Public Service?
What was the future of UNCDF?
What will be the Tribunal’s legacy?
What does the CRTC mean by "customizable"?
What symbols found in the creation myth were used by the pharaohs?
What must be done after receipt of IPRP Chapter II?
What does the public comprehend about the collection, use, and transmission of personal data generated from new technology?
What opportunities to improve our practices can we seize as part of government modernization?
When will the Bank need a capital increase?
What Do Users at the Bottom of the Pyramid Want?
Which aircraft did you use that kit on?
What is the unit of observation in family medicine?
What do you do in such circumstances?
What are monetary instruments?
What is a digital signature?
What progress has the Commission made on evaluating air passengers' rights and on proposals on reinforcing these rights for passengers travelling by bus, coach and ship?
What aspects of the project should be modified, expanded, continued, or discontinued?
What specifically caused the success?
What makes the information suitable for electronic dissemination?
When it comes to the family resource centre, what is your status?
Who would be considered for this therapy?
What is the Border Information Service (BIS)?
What is the easy thing to do?
What are the Risks in Contracting?
What has DFO done internally to identify the kinds of regulations that could be put in place?
Why have past efforts faded away?
Who will be consulted during the environmental assessment and how?
Which of the following best describes your business/organization’s primary role in the music industry?
What payments do NOT qualify as gifts?
Where do we tie the two together and promote a fair system of ingredient packaging and declaration?
What is the strongest policy you would support?
Why is Canada hosting the WUF III?
What is a reasonable job offer?
What is the Canadian role in that global effort?
What is the SDF?
What Were the Results?
What role should governments play in protecting the environment and controlling the environmental impacts of industry?
What do I want to achieve with this activity?
What was it like for those who came before us?
Why Study Biotechnology and Sustainable Development?
What role should NGO's play?
Who's Most at Risk?
When did she first start working full-time?
What does building treaties incrementally mean?
Which countries are involved?
What is the duration of the activities of the non-resident at the particular place in Canada?
What are some anticipated trends that will influence (positively or negatively) the security of agricultural water supplies?
What can be learned from the collapse of a renewable resource?
When standing, is the weight of the object lifted less than 23 kg/51 lbs?
What is the current financial situation of your institution relative to what it was prior to NATCP funding?
What future role should Canada play in developing international agreements?
What is the eligibility requirement for this two phase residual licence auction?
What are my corporate values?
Where are the month's main events to be found?
What are the health risks to women from excessive pesticide use?
When will I be called for an interview?
What is an eligible tour package?
What is a sufficient degree of protection, and how can it be achieved?
What was the main achievement of the campaign?
Why is it necessary to tie the two together?
What did you learn about women's contributions to Canadian society by visiting these sites?
What kind of abuse did John use?
What type of pictures can these satellites take?
What lessons have been learned from these experiences, and how can they be applied to our future efforts at the regional and global levels?
Who is Concerned About What and Why?
What is the criteria for immigration and whom should I contact for more information?
What strategies are needed to stimulate the commercialization of research on intelligent infrastructure, services and applications?
What kind of information will help you inform the public about the needs of fathers and preschool children?
What kind of endeavor is he responsible for?
What are the skills needed for successful participant involvement in board/governance structures?
What impact will changes to public pension programs have?
What is the status of labelling of genetically engineered (GE) foods in Canada?
Why Provide Confidential and Non-confidential Information?
What does that mean in practice or to the layman?
What are the pros and cons of manufacturing turbine components?
What were we thinking?
Why substitute Canadian for American advertising during the Super Bowl?
What is the percentage of men taking advantage of parental leave?
What standards/benchmarks are being used?
What requirements must you add to a contracting document to ensure that your purchase is most accessible to persons with disabilities?
Why are earaches so common in children?
What are the objectives of citizen involvement (CI) for carbon storage?
Why were these numbers chosen for the values of Q3?
Whom should I contact to complain about a trustee's conduct?
What are the Minister's authorities in CEPA Part 4?
What are the common side effects and how serious are they?
What areas does it need to work in to promote and support the realization of the vision?
What is an unapproved drug?
What is the government's responsibility in providing affordable housing for members of the Canadian Forces and their families?
What measures have been implemented within the education system to encourage and build the capacity of young women to develop leadership skills?
What does the nation wish the Forces to do with regard to national security, and as an adjunct to foreign and international economic policy?
Why was this workshop held?
What is the procedure for completing an EC?
What is the status of this review?
Where can I find more information about the survey?
What types of management reports are produced?
What are the best practices in this respect in central and eastern European countries?
What will happen to the boating and touring businesses currently operating in the proposed national marine conservation area?
What form should the application take?
What information is included in a Budget?
Which measures do you consider most important in order to achieve the necessary improvements in eco-efficiency?
What measures are being taken for tracking, monitoring and assessing the projects?
What is the current situation?
What are the different steps of the application process?
Who do these regulations apply to?
What are the benefits to individuals in society?
What barriers do they identify in advancing obesity research, and the application of this research, and what do they consider to be the strengths, gaps, capacity issues and priorities for obesity research in Canada?
What You Can Do to Minimize Impacts to Our Aquatic Ecosystems THE BAITFISH PRIMER WHAT YOU CAN DO TO MINIMIZE IMPACTS TO OUR AQUATIC ECOSYSTEMS?
What if the skin test shows infection?
What opportunities exist to improve the Department's capacity to measure performance?
Who are your customers?
What would be the impact of the application of the Council of Europe’s proposals for a plurilingual and pluricultural approach to language education?
What is the difference between a public performance report and performance reporting?
Why does the Government disagree with the study's findings regarding the range of services which would fall within the scope of the GATS?
What will the role of other federal departments be in pesticide regulation?
What models of interaction translate into improved health or improvements in health services delivery?
What are the current approaches in marketing and labeling of nanotechnologies to the public?
What are the characteristics of the terrorist threat on the Continent?
What factors are believed to influence/inhibit effectiveness?
What exactly was the role of each of the three InnoVision employees hired by HRDC in relation to the contract which HRDC had with InnoVision prior to this procurement?
Why are HD Costs Lower?
Why is COFEX not involved and operational, as stipulated by Article 22?
Why are the reporting ranges for marine synoptic observations broader than those of land-based synoptic observations?
Which of these seem to offer the greatest hope of solving the South's debt crisis and bringing about greater global economic equality?
What do a small bakery in the Charlottenburg district of Berlin and teachers of linguistics at Slovenia's Jozef Stefan Institute, research engineers at Krakow University of Technology and Lisbon’s Oriente railway station have in common?
What are the patterns of the homes and businesses?
Why did the Canadian pulps come to be, why did they flourish, and why did they disappear?
What are the pros and cons of centralization and decentralization in the management of financial resources earmarked for environmental improvement?
What have been the main challenges?
What is the likely impact of the turbine foundations on water currents and hence marine life?
What is the role of the Committee of Senior Officials in collective management?
Who is responsible for law enforcement in the area?
What does the "thumbs-up" sign mean to a Canadian?
What is quality and how do we assess or measure it?
What is the Purpose of the Pre-Transfer Planning Phase?
Why Health Programming For Farm Business?
What is the most appropriate way to discontinue a beta blocker <br> that has been used chronically by a patient?
What were the results of the CFIA's testing?
Why is it important that young larvae be able to drift downstream?
Which consequences can now be drawn from these results for European broadcast regulation?
What about challenging the nation to save it with all we have and with all that we can do?
What is the difference between a pesticide and a drug?
What are the appropriate methodologies for assigning the costs to the cost object(s)?
What are the social and economic barriers to older people working longer?
Who may complain?
What should it be?
What is your message to our readers in 27 European countries?
What’s New?
When the company detected dioxins in its releases a couple of years ago, what did it do?
Which specific suggestions as to sanctions and penalties were there?
Who collects the data, how is it checked and who has the right to update the data?
What is the cost or consequence of not responding?
Why Are Environmental Learning and Sustainability Important?
Which vocational certificates do you have?
What are your magazine's strengths?
What about some targets for wellness?
When should a bank customer complain?
Why have the drafters not decided to use "official documents" and "documents officiels" or "public documents" and "documents publics"?
What types of natural health products are affected by these new Regulations?
What other factors contributed to the deficit reduction?
What services do they deliver?
What are the best places to start out and/or look for work?
What social and political changes would Rostow say are essential to economic progress?
Who decides if a foreign national will be granted a temporary resident visa?
Which countries have reported cases of SARS?
What kind of track record is there for newer companies in risky markets with no financial regulations or rule of law as we know them?
What is the split between term and indeterminate employees?
Why do the regulations have to be updated?
What would be the value or outcome for Health Canada to engage in educating patients/public about the drug system?
What does SETI stand for?
Why is it that individuals at certain ranks get performance bonuses when this whole room is full of people who work hard and we have guys, as has been stated, who are going down to the food bank?
What are the key regulatory, political, and educational barriers to improving the precision with which healthcare professionals are used in ways that take advantage of their full scopes of training/expertise, and what can we learn from other jurisdictions in terms of breaking down these barriers?
What are the regional resources implications for you in the delivery of the March 21 campaign?
Why have we gathered here this evening?
What are the rules concerning the computation of time limits?
What are the challenges encountered by students as part of their participation in SSHRC-funded research?
What do you say to those countries which claim that calling for a worldwide moratorium on capital punishment is in effect another attempt by the West to "impose their cultural values on us"?
What happens to the Spouse's Allowance?
When will the drug be administered?
What is the goal of sheltering?
What is dumping?
Why was Voices and Choices introduced to the school?
When can the EPO act as elected Office?
What type of business is your company?
What's his reaction, what are his alternatives?
Whom does the Institute of Infection and Immunity partner with?
What is a contractor selection method?
Who responds to invitations to submit applications for funding?
What is the place of content in vocational language courses?
What was your work placement in Poland?
What is the Commission’s process for undertaking a research project?
What's New?
Where can I find more information about the Natural Health Products Regulations and the services and information the NHPD provides to its stakeholders?
Which of these measures would have the greatest human rights impact?
What are the training gaps?
What are citizens’ cultural expectations and their level of satisfaction?
What contribution could Europe make to the success of the NPT 2000 Conference?
What does it mean that an organization is a party to an offence?
Why Invest in Western Canada's Information and Communications Technology Industry?
What level of interest and motivation do you have?
What are some of the opportunities of living in a diverse country?
Who are the clients of the German company that provided the clay, which other farms use this substance for food separation and in which other Member State the clay is used in food separation processes?
What can Aboriginal people, businesses, institutions and leaders do to realize their role as full economic partners?
When are appraisals a mandatory service of PWGSC?
What are the public policy and incentives offered in Canada to facilitate and stimulate the growth of Global Gazelles?
What are the new elements and added value of this policy ?
What will they do when they can observe day in and day out the relentless assault on our rights and freedoms - when they experience the reckless and devious lying and twisting of the law of the land for purposes of everyone's enslavement by any and every government agency, including the courts and the police?
What happened during that one-year period?
What are these conditions, and who creates them?
What impediments do students experience in using the Internet?
Who would be responsible for what?
Why should I respect the rights of others if others do not respect my rights?
What else should you consider when communicating?
Who identifies key positions/areas?
What Is Proposed?
What aspects of the experience can the Canadian Tourism Commission promote as a differentiator across Canada?
What if the surviving spouse’s or common-law partner’s GST/HST credit includes a claim for the deceased?
What are the important ingredients to having a good flying jet or safe work place?
What international best practices, if any, would strengthen Canadian competitiveness as a destination for foreign investment if we were to adopt them?
What happens if I'm inspected by a fishery officer?
What is the discount rate for future income?
What is e-Business?
What can we do in youth work that will support a healthy and positive cultural interaction?
What about collaboration among researchers in the social sciences and humanities and those in disciplines covered by NSERC and CIHR?
What is meant by "staffing transactions started before October 1, 1999"?
Which new or emerging technologies are already having or will have a significant impact on employees in the Food Wholesale sector?
Where can I get a notice form and who should I contact to help me fill it out?
Why has CHIPP been established?
Who Should Consider Micro-Credit?
What do they believe would make a job most satisfying to them?
What is true cost of recycling and who pays?
What is the process for enrolling in the plan?
What sorts of end-results were to be expected?
What motivates adult learners?
Who can access personal information?
What is the risk that the project may not succeed?
What are its physical and chemical properties?
Which stressor caused the balloon to burst?
What measures are being taken or contemplated to remedy this situation?
What are the incentive systems and what do they reward?
What should be CIHR's priorities in the next 12 months, now that the initial phase of Institute creation is over?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of the delivery of the program components by the various third party administrators?
Why has a young Albanian girl been put onto the Paris streets by pimps?
What can be done to encourage northern Ontario companies to begin to expand their opportunities for business beyond traditional markets and borders?
What are the programs and services that WD administers?
What adjustments have you made, if any?
What is nuclear proliferation?
What was Learned?
What's Wrong With Stopping to Watch Roadside Bears?
What are the indications concerning biological material itself which must be given in the reference?
What is the schedule for undertaking the evaluation and has a project tracking sheet been developed ?
What is a "generic" geographical indication?
What can the technology do today?
Who knows where the breaking point should be?
What are the CPT’s priorities for the future?
What makes interest rates go up and down?
What was the name of the book that Sophia’s story was recorded in?
What mechanisms are being used or are available in the community to train future generations in traditional knowledge?
What more could we ask of a human being than that he has dedicated his life to the service of others?
What are the implications for local development planning and risk reduction?
What are the financial impacts of participating in NB Job Corps?
Why the Lack of Urgency to Fix Them?
Who can I talk to about access programs and adult education programs?
Where is it offered?
What would you recommend to Canadian decision-makers about our role in Afghanistan?
What areas do you think the Band Council is doing a good job?
What needs to be accomplished in relation to this issue?
What specific measures address improving the participation in lifelong learning of young people, not covered by the formal systems of education and training?
What then might we expect as awareness of genetic testing and genetic predisposition to cancer achieves a higher profile, and as more genes associated with cancer predisposition are defined?
What is one way for an observer to estimate wind speed?
What is Fetal Alcohol Effects?
Which of the following treaties does not come under this category?
What do all these developments imply for the work of the many specialists present here today ?
Where did you get information on voting procedures for this election?
Where did you aquire your Yukon Vacation Planner?
What is radiology department total workload?
Who will purchase it and for how much?
What Criteria Should Determine Specific Content Within the Broad Topics Provided Above?
What does it mean to say you’re a Mexican in the 1940s as opposed to describe how your ancestors arrived there?
What's New?
What are the Member States aiming at: what is the desirable relation and interaction between subsidiarity and EU monitoring?
What entitlements will each party have to exploit jointly created IP?
What are the requirements under ICES-003 regarding the approval of digital apparatus for use in Canada?
Why do we get such a kick out of being scared?
What are the steps in the review process for a medical device?
What is an acceptable density of meteorological stations to provide baseline environmental data in developing northern areas?
What is being done now?
Where can I get more information?
What part of the fleet will be of low emission type?
Why is such support not provided to any other similar organizations?
What did you do to improve the state of the technology?
Where is the CESDP project today?
What is the symbolism of the ribbon?
What electronic forms for sequence listings are acceptable?
Which of the following statements best describes how your newspaper serves its readers (pick only one)?
Why ask for a WCT score?
What Role for Public Diplomacy?
Why do companies participate?
What do we find in the document mentioned in Chapter 9, adopted by the Privy Council Committee on Culture and Information in late January 1970, regarding the first five recommendations in volume III of the report on B and B?
When was the minimum age for voting lowered to 18?
Why fees?
What evaluation methods will be used to determine the success/failure of the project?
What are the three ways local-level waste services are funded?
What did Sarah say to Louisa to help her make a decision?
What are the principles upon which the GATS is based?
When a conflict has arisen with a parent, how have you handled it?
What Are The Origins Of Anti-personnel Mines?
What is the role of mother-tongue LoI in the acquisition of both knowledge and a second language?
What are some of the "eureka" results from wait times research?
Why does Europe matter to the United States?
Where to Begin Seeking financial support from Aboriginal Business Canada (ABC)?
What is causing the outbreak or epidemic?
Where is it?
What are the implications for patterns of ETS exposure as teleworking becomes more common?
What is the current state of the quality of cancer treatment and access reporting in Canada and the US?
What work remains to be done in order for the new legislation to take hold and prove successful?
What were some of the pranks that you or others would pull?
What adaptations have been made to the Strategy during its implementation?
What about the Canada Child Tax Benefit?
Who did not think that Bollywood Hollywood was a great flick?
When would evacuation be implemented?
What is the required infrastructure, including surveillance as well as the technical assistance and support, for public health professional intermediaries to sustain comprehensive policy, media and programming?
What is Privacy?
Which graph displays the information more clearly?
What are the principles underlying the protection of folklore in your national laws or regulations?
What other equipment would help you to access print?
What type of information does the survey collect?
What is the state of ozone depletion over the Arctic and Canada?
What advantages or drawbacks do they offer to consumers?
What are the levels of NO2 and PM10 in Attiki, Thessaloniki and Patra?
What can be done to deliver ECI in a more cost-effective manner?
What is their perception and degree of awareness?
Who are the main users of the OAPI registration system and what sectors of the market do they represent?
What can I do to support the application of my friend, relative or business contact who was refused?
What cultural goods and services would be subject to such an instrument?
When did the initiative start?
What is the counterparties’ view on the possibility of additional categories of eligible assets being available?
What should be the size of the basic package?
Why then, day after day, do the senators on the government side react so vehemently to ongoing debate on Bill S-4?
What are the financial implications to both health care professionals and the health care system of supporting self-care?
When do new Ministers assume office?
What is a Traumatic Event?
What is the IM Certificate Program?
Who can take advantage of Campus Canada?
What do you see as the main benefits/achievements of the Canada Music Council?
What is the difference between certification marks and individual marks?
Why are they 75% cotton - 25% polyester blend as opposed to 100% cotton?
What should be disclosed in the consent process regarding potential ICOI situations?
What kinds of information should a risk mitigation strategy include?
What's this all about and how can I cope?
What are the main challenges preventing Canadians and business to being more innovative?
What is the basis of the assessment and the Department's level of confidence in the outcomes?
What is digital rights management?
What will trigger the contingency implementation?
What causes any variations in the requirements?
What type of obstacles have you encountered?
What is the future role of the European Parliament?
What is its environmental condition?
What were the highlights of your own involvement with the Pearl Lagoon communities?
When preparing these projections, should we assume that revenue rates will be "market based" or regulated in the same manner as Telesat's current rates?
What Are the Benefits of the Integrated Community-Based Health Services Approach for First Nations and Inuit Comm unities?
What do you need to know to go sailing?
When finally asked "What do you want?
What is WHMIS?
What are the benefits of copyright registration?
What should be done if a person has been in contact with a known or suspected case of XDRTB?
What does the Community do to improve the access of EU suppliers to procurement markets in third countries?
What are the laws, or other means, in your country, if any, that combat doping in sport?
What is the extent of our mandate with respect to the transportation route?
What do you think or how do you preserve our culture faced with cultural diversity?
What is the best strategy for developing skills?
What work (a) have you done in this area?
What is the Mission of the REF?
What standards do media professionals need to set to bring balance and equality into the way media work that will, in the process, improve the quality of reporting?
What do human biomonitoring studies tell us?
Who must receive them and approve their content?
When should I apply and how long before my study permit is approved?
What is the CLEO e-mail list?
When do we know enough to make a decision?
What personal and social resources, both outside and inside the workplace, mediate health effects arising from high demand circumstances and occupying multiple roles?
Why would anyone volunteer to run such risks?
What is the time commitment for being a Canadian Ranger?
What technologies do we need to be able to gather, analyze and share information among all our health protection partners?
What is the value of swearing an oath?
What do you feel would be the main benefits of your efforts to reduce the amount of greenhouse gases released into the atmosphere?
What is the purpose of the survey?
What is the operating arrangement of this agricultural operation?
Where was West Nile virus activity reported in North America during 2005?
What are the three other claims covered by the May 30, 2007 offer?
Where will you provide your product/service?
What is the Current  Body of Literature?
Where can I find patent information?
Who can use a certification mark?
Which one of the following best describes your employment situation?
What if it were possible to do so in a way that not only benefits students and researchers, but also supports environmental protection, business investment, and emergency preparedness?
What perspectives should inform testimony?
Where do we store the 12 million microfiche images which make up the personnel files of CF members?
What are the results of the Community Well-Being Index based on the last census in 2001?
What are the guiding principles behind the follow-up activities?
What is the European Commission’s humanitarian aid?
What would it add to the instruments currently available to mutuals?
Why are cable TV personalities so eager to overstate how quickly central banks change their view of the likely future?
What is a nutrition action plan supposed to look like or achieve?
What is the importance of the Great Lakes as a commercial fishing resource?
When did you become aware of it?
Who should use this product?
Which environmental stresses, either from human contaminants or natural causes, contribute most to declines in a species?
What happens to herring populations when ocean temperatures rise?
Why me?
What could be the role of NOCs in peace and sports activities?
What can you do when you film your script to create this setting?
What are some basic techniques of persuasion?
What animals are resident in the contaminated areas?
Why is it important to report device problems to the HPFBI?
What does the Agency look for in a level of service complaint?
What would you do then?
What should be the role vis-à-vis biotechnology and sustainable development of an organization like the trilateral Commission on Environmental Cooperation (CEC), which is part of the NAFTA Side Agreement?
What level of education have you completed?
Why Does a Conceptual Gap Exist?
Why is the PMP monitored?
Why refuse to meet Russia's business elite, while meeting with foreign investment bankers?
What are you hoping for from the Congress and what do you want to say to European local and regional representatives?
What’s the first thing that comes to mind when you think of agriculture?
Why do EU taxpayers subsidise farmers and not other professions?
Why do some people gain weight after quitting?
What about provincial and municipal regulations?
Who would have thought even 15 years ago, that the Canadian Forces would contract out primary flying training?
Why is this information collected?
What kind of legal protection for TK?
What other treatments have been used to treat Parkinson's disease?
Who does not have that right?
What effect did the Phase II reorientation have on the networks?
Why has hemp been illegal to cultivate in Canada in the past?
What factors (system, delivery, other) affected meeting the targets?
Where can I obtain a NAFTA certificate of origin?
What environmental quality indicators currently exist that may act as a measure to environmental impact?
What makes a label most valuable?
What are three uses for tin goods in a rural home at the turn of the 20th century?
What is the best way of drawing out experiences and reflective thinking while identifying lessons and insights in participatory development communication?
What is it, and who decides?
What possibilities are available to the least well-off to provide themselves with an income and to protect their purchasing power?
What do patients want from high-quality general practice and how do we involve them in improvement?
What measures have been undertaken to ensure equality between women and men in matters of succession and inheritance?
What is "a little"- What is "a lot"?
What are the facilitators/barriers that enable/limit the achievement of the CSHA outcomes?
What techniques and methods are used for identifying and evaluating risks?
When is the reduction factor applied to CF pensions?
Where Are You?
What role did the March 21 Campaign play in creating this change?
What, if any, limits are there to the kind of information that could interest these researchers?
What Next for Europe?
What are YOUR views on the European Union and the direction it should take?
What were the positive and the challenging aspects of your activity?
When North America has more political  prisoners under lock and key than any other nation in the world and is busy  building concentration camps to house even more?
What has triggered these developments?
What are the existing laws, if any, in your country that relate to sport?
What changes would you suggest, and why?
What about cold cleaning and other applications?
Which of the following would be indicative of stable air?
Which elements will be in a migrant language only, which parts will be plurilingual?
What are the benefits for Merritt?
What's Hot Powering the Next Generation of Special Effects: NRC's digital scanning technology goes Hollywood Have you ever wondered how amazing, massive, and most of all, imaginary, creatures in movies like the Lord of the Rings trilogy come to life on the big screen?
What's your business structure?
What can you do as young people, and we’re probably going back to a question we’re already asked, to allow First Nations and Metis people to work together?
What is an accepted level of uncertainty of risk?
What are a warning's implications for clinical practice?
What makes your immune system healthy?
What is the rationale behind integrating the Rural Water Development Program (RWDP) into the NWSEP in 2004/05?
What are the implications?
What are condoms made of, and what shapes are there?
What about Moldova, Ukraine and even Belarus, if it becomes a democracy?
What are the key elements of the European Constitution?
When there is routine hepatitis B immunization in special populations, should we verify immune status/response?
What was it like before European contact?
What do you think made Louisa decide to do something about her relationship?
What evidence exists to indicate that the components of SEA are likely to contribute to achieving the goals of the program?
What do these two issues have in common?
Why did you terminate early?
When do fellowships begin?
What is API?
What are the guidelines on administrative relief requests under an RESP?
Where can I obtain a return to use in filing my elective return?
What role is research playing, and what role might it play, in tracking efforts and revealing policy options?
What is the "House of Commons administration"?
What happens after my application has been approved?
What happens when a species is listed?
What business use have you made of the Outcome Management process and deliverables?
What role should be allocated to data developed by the institution (push) and to that stemming from individual parties, which the institution should encourage (pull)?
What is Health Canada advising parents and caregivers to do?
What are its key program components?
What words should be on the poster?
Why should Canada resolve Specific Claims?
What is transfer pricing?
What have been the lessons learned throughout the implementation to promote the development of client service quality in the RC?
What is the current stance of monetary policy?
What does the EU regulation mean for the protection of breeding birds and the Swedish predator policy?
What are the Strategic Objectives of the Canadian Polar Commission?
What financial contribution will be expected from the departments?
Why not also set aside contracts to the benefit of businesses owned by other minority groups, such as women or persons with disabilities?
What if I live in the USA and photographers do not have the required stamp?
What is the current or expected social and democratic impact of the digital distribution of radio and television?
What is the Navy’s view of the future?
What measures do you recommend for protecting the most disadvantaged categories and making them more employable?
What is the scope of the various EAs of trade and investment negotiations?
What are the challenges of transatlantic certification, licensure, or accreditation that your project touches on?
What part of the Act for encouraging new settlers in His Majesty’s colonies and Plantations in America would the 1793 Act to Limit Slavery repeal?
What public health training do front-line healthcare workers receive?
What do you enjoy the most about the festival?
What can we say to the parents of a child brutally murdered after being abused by a multiple sex offender who has just been released from prison?
Where have we been, and where are we going?
What information can the Archives Advisor provide?
What happens if there is no agreement?
Where do I find a file on wanted persons?
What about things like global warming where scientists expect serious changes in climate?
What about the business culture of a potential foreign partner?
What do small-business owners want from their employees?
What about when the surveillance takes place off company grounds?
What is the impact of gender, job type, dependent care status and sector of employment on perceived health?
What is your fee, will there be more than one interpreter and what costs are included?
Where can I obtain an application form?
What do we want equally distributed?
What makes you think others are fully satisfied with their experiences with your organization?
What type of services in particular should be provided by these networks?
What are the weaknesses of our group?
What constitutes meaningful and effective public consultation and involvement with xenotransplantation?
Where can I find the Migratory Bird Hunting Summary?
WhaT are The beNefiTS Of NaTiONal OCCupaTiONal STaNdardS ?
What do you think of the way the information is presented on the page?
What happens if you have a criminal record but have not received a pardon?
What tool can I use to reflect on the values celebrated in the Public Service of Canada?
What evidence is there that the department has been implementing gender-based analysis?
What are the implications to EA of a species being on the List?
Why was the precautionary principle not addressed?
What instruments should we be setting up to make this link more systematic, such as new forms of trade?
What is the status of the proposed use of the Athlete’s Passport in the sport of cycling?
What must be done to establish agreement about writing evaluation reports for particular programs?
What information needs to be updated at a certain time?
Who might be affected by the risk management decision?
What measures fall outside the scope of Decision 3052/95?
Who is considered the valid inventor?
What are the merits of coordinating our activities?
What is the GST/HST annual filing threshold?
Which of the tasks relating to such matters should be tasks for the courts?
What are the expected results of the program?
Where do you look for the ideas for your songs?
When will Canada stand up to foreigners who overfish?
Where is gender analysis used?
What happens to my return after I have filed it using GST/HST NETFILE?
What tests drive Koreans to spend money on preparation schools?
What happens when three great powers and four Economic Summit members are part of a grouping with a common foreign policy and perhaps military force as well?
What were your tasks as gender adviser at the Operational Headquarters?
What types of expenses are not covered under the Going Global program?
What if I change institutions or move to another country?
Who gets to do that once you get out of your early university years?
What have we got so far?
What documents do I need submit for a temporary resident visa?
What is Part XIII tax?
Why does Canada have an Officer of Parliament appointed to protect privacy, and two laws setting out privacy rights for Canadians?
What has changed as a result of the program for users, service providers, caregivers, staff, the community, and other stakeholders?
What impacts have significant investments in infrastructure had on institutions, partners, granting councils, and other agencies?
What are the current policy gaps (public and private sector) with respect to this health issue?
What makes the IOC’s sponsorship programme so attractive to our partners that they are planning so far ahead?
What are the impediments to market-based housing on-reserve?
What about human and professional costs?
Why not humans?
What benefits will the FTAA bring to smaller economies?
Why is the result of my vocabulary subtest so low?
What can we do in our communities?
Where does the performance take place?
What does this really mean?
What is the market need and receptor capacity?
What measures will be put in place to ensure that Beaufort-Delta governments will be democratic and accountable to those they govern?
What can be done to facilitate and enhance Aboriginal business development by industry, governments, and Aboriginal communities?
What is a special interest or ‘lobby' group?
What will be the format of the Expert Panel Meeting?
What else do you think of?
What was the impact on local farmers?
What is financed under this policy area?
When shall this bill be read a third time?
What is the situation of those who are the most cut off from any social contact?
What's on the jelly?
What are the consequences for education?
What Will I Learn in this Module?
What kind of message does that send to the US’s few remaining allies in the region?
What influence do parents have on the attitude of their children with regard to second-language learning?
What is the market share of national exports of the product in question that is controlled by the STE?
Where are the self-employed in this count of businesses?
What do the animals learn about people?
Why, and when would the Parties consider involving a mediator?
What are you hoping for or expecting?
What have been the experiences of student participants to date?
When does a worker inspect a ladder?
What type of work is this?
Which Ways of Reducing Risks are Best?
What about Chemical Contaminants?
Which heavy metals are monitored?
What could happen if a sealer violates the regulations?
What factors are most important?
What is herpes?
Who is ANNI voting for?
When buying a ticket would you say that you have a contract with a transport company or not?
What are some alternatives to flaring?
What can be done to address this alarming scenario?
What is their knowledge of the topic?
What is the likelihood of that happening?
What are the most immediate opportunities for a professional services firm through e-commerce?
Why would tobacco companies spend great sums on advertising if not to increase the consumption of tobacco, it asks?
Why are these people nationally significant and how have they been commemorated?
Who wants to work for an organization that is viewed with suspicion?
What was unique about the "Panopticon" prison surveillance system designed by philosopher Jeremy Bentham in 1787?
Why not simply adopt specific amendments to deal with the identified deficiencies in the existing legislation one by one?
What is a Controlling Agreement?
Where can I get more information?
Who will pay for this service?
What Causes ECTD?
What should we expect as measurable outcomes of this effort?
Why is this happening?
Where can I find a listing of food allergy alerts recently issued?
What actions are best suited to supporting growth and internationalisation (trade missions, market analyses, clustering and networking, information and consultancy services)?
Where can I get more information about the phased retirement benefits?
What is the SR&ED Program?
What type of materials will be covered under the proposed regulatory framework?
What are the longerterm ambitions of the main European countries in the field of defence and security, and how compatible are they with each other?
What are the Inner Bay of Fundy Salmon?
Why is this necessary now?
What are the factors driving integration?
Why can't we do it another way?
What is meant by the Spanish expression "Pata Negra"?
Which animal once provided the most expensive fur in the world?
What kind of health claims are allowed?
Where are the reasonable and credible behavioural examples?
What are the benefits of the FAST program?
What training in Change Control have you received?
What is the role of elite athletes in promoting clean sport and fair play?
What is the process for the acceptance and wear of foreign awards by CF members?
What must be done to meet these objectives?
What languages does Jimmy's family speak?
What space, both as regards radio and television, should be reserved for proximity channels (local, regional, associative channels, etc) on digital platforms?
What is being done, if anything?
What in other words, if the "wrong" people are elected?
Why is the OHS program critical to establishing due diligence?
Who are our potential partners?
Why are Latvia’s people, among the poorest in the Union, expected to pay for something that Europe’s richest people are finding difficult to do?
What is it?
What situations do they perform best in?
What are your required lead times for the various stages in the registration and surveillance process?
What problems, if any, might involvement with these committees present in terms of potential conflict or the perception of a lack of impartiality?
When will the flagship projects that receive EU funding be announced?
What types of models could be adapted to this situation?
Who is eligible for funding?
What game would you like to play again?
What term life insurance plans can SISIP FS offer me?
Why are children not completing their high school education?
Who will lead development of intelligent devices that can sense, interact and communicate with other machines and people, and adjust their behaviour or performance to handle different situations?
What is the e-mail notification facility?
What role for the EU on the world stage – a future superpower or an actor of peace, security and development?
Why is the US ahead?
Why use this example of the death penalty?
What are the sources of lead exposure?
What was your life like in the old days?
What is ECTS?
Who should be charged with leadership in such processes?
What kind of time investment is involved in the process?
What specifically, led him to state that she needed additional attention, and required patience, in order to perform satisfactorily?
What happens if you ignore all this good advice?
What needs to be done to address the disadvantages?
What has been the Program's contribution to policy advice and analysis on domestic and international issues of human rights (within the Department, within other departments, within CCOHR)?
What more could be done than to submit the information that the members already had before them?
What general needs does this program address?
What type of stakeholder analysis tool would have yielded best results?
Why are they actually doing the opposite by saving less ?
Where in the structure of the healing process should the Church place itself?
What does this mean for Yoho?
What can you say about the Centre’s stakeholder and client satisfaction?
Who in your staff or which consultant will do the project work and write the report?
What factors threaten the natural values of the property, and is your ownership likely to be effective in countering those threats?
What are the most effective ways of addressing these determinants?
What kinds of problems are causing the CRA to return submissions?
What is the situation regarding practices at work, for example in companies which have gone international?
What is the possibility of (and the precedents for) voluntary approaches to nanotechnology regulation?
What directions to go?
What are the characteristics of such jobs (level of skills, duration, mobility) and what related implications are there for human resources development and in particular for education and training?
Who has to pay by instalments?
What words and phrases are used to sell the products in various years?
Which structures should be put in place to ensure that the Agency operates in an independent and efficient manner?
What are the benefits of joining the CANPASS - Corporate Aircraft program?
What are some other changes that might occur in the community?
What happened?
What are the challenges?
What is foot-and-mouth disease?
What could the purpose of not communicating this information possibly be?
What did you think the response(s) lacked?
What benefits and challenges do you envision for you and your clients with the creation of the network as proposed?
What were the objectives of the survey?
What methods can be measured to demonstrate the effect of institutional/organizational levers to impact interprofessional education?
What kind of reforms do the current migration policies need to undergo so that they may correspond with the state’s commitments to human rights?
What is the maximum amount payable under the Commercial Heritage Properties Incentive Fund?
Who will be going to visit the hundreds of facilities?
Why would we want to dedicate funds and resources to such a seemingly innocuous public health issue, when there are so many other potential public health threats requiring our attention?
What problems were examined or exposed?
Who do you want to share your activity with?
What about the luxurious, expensive restaurants in five-star hotels?
What can happen if you don’t evaluate?
What is the overall policy objective in terms of expected impacts?
What helped you get through it?
Why were these numbers, listed in this section, chosen for the values for the Q3/Q1 ratio?
Which criteria should be followed to define the specific role that development policy and its instruments play in each of these situations?
What is Health Canada doing about the cells and tissues that have been quarantined?
What is unique about non-linear drugs ("Report C")?
What is the likely impact of community concerns on police management?
Where can I get a photograph or electronic copy of my unit badge?
Why have you decided to purchase real property?
What message do we send, when, in a time of alleged shortage, we use a well-paid, college- or university-educated professional to deliver meals, clean up spills, search for staff to replace other nurses who call in sick, walk back and forth to blood banks or pharmacy stations, or serve as hospital porters?
What should be the scope of holdings managed by a new system or function?
Why has the CBSA introduced this program?
What can Elections Canada and Aboriginal communities do to lower these barriers?
What does the community want and how does the credit union determine that?
What is Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) all about?
What are the objectives in terms of members and employees?
What has changed in the IP world?
What are the tools at the disposal of the Commission?
What modifications, if any, could be brought to the program design in order to make it more effective?
What is the legal basis and where can I read more about the complaint procedure?
What can you do (for your organization, community, region or sector) to support skills for the new economy?
Why should parliaments be involved?
What does "operational service" mean?
What will be the timing for these requests?
What values or beliefs guide your behaviour as a father?
Who are the beneficiaries of the CAP?
What kinds of remedies can the Tribunal order?
What are the short and long-term expected outcomes of the ALI and to what extent have they been achieved?
What is one guideline or norm for working together today that you think is essential for having a good meeting?
What is a Search Engine?
Why is the squeeze on farmers' incomes occurring not only in Canada but internationallyas well?
What clues can be seen in each image that suggest the landscape that supports the culture depicted?
Why is the CRA contacting British Columbia employers at this time?
Why wasn’t it easy to understand?
What if union reprepresentatives resist the idea of workplace health promotion?
Who can refer a dispute under the Bilateral Agreement to the Mackenzie River Basin Board (MRBB)?
What kind of federal environmental assessment process do Canadians need and want in the new millennium?
What are the barriers to the full participation of Aboriginal people, communities and businesses in these opportunities?
What is your view of the desirability and feasibility of creating a European supervisory authority in the future?
Who is considered to be a temporary resident of Canada?
What are the other resources that are available?
What personal data do we collect and for what purpose?
What are the Deputies' subsidiary groups?
What is Alberta’s smallest toad?
Which types of xenotransplants would require the least immunosuppression?
What is Health Canada doing with data provided in the Second Annual CIPARS Report?
What were approximate start-up costs?
What are the benefits of using it?
Which is your priority - safety or nutrition?
What would the Canadian public think of your decision?
When must a letter of credit be renewed and when are changes to the face amount reflected?
What was learned from this project (or want to learn from this project)?
What would happen if we stopped immunizing?
What happens if I refuse to use the Designated Travel Card (formerly known as the Individual Travel Card)?
What objectives should be set for IDD programming?
Why march in straight lines and fight in open fields?
What are the alternatives if your bottom line cannot be gained?
What will be the impact on the CRA?
What other changes, if any, would make the Public Lending Right Program and its delivery structure more cost-effective or efficient?
What parameter is measured by the dewcel?
What are Your Roadblocks to Quitting?
What did we learn about what worked and what did not?
What were the real impacts of the CSE on the event destination, on a social level, economic and environmental, and in terms of image?
What constitutes compounding in bulk?
What do you think these can teach you?
What must I do in order to obtain a non-scheduled international licence?
Who joins youth gangs?
What is Included in a Marine Forecast?
Who should not do strength training?
What do patients need to know about using SUTENT?
Who will be liable in the event of any trademark or other claims?
What changes have there been in this revenue?
What role will Canada play in developing these new drugs?
What, if anything, is missing, and needed to make the RC a leader in the provision of integrated programs and services to SARs in ________?
Why not offer this job protection to those who participate in overseas missions?
What can I do to prevent AMR and maintain the usefulness of antibiotics currently available for treatment of human infections?
What is their relationship with controls?
What is the current available head at the site (difference in elevation between the headwater level and the tailwater level)?
What was the most useful from these other programs that is not found in the March 21 Campaign?
What are the European Union's objectives in textile negotiations?
Who are the participants?
What, if any, criteria should be added to or deleted from this test to adapt it to the Canadian environment?
Where can I get more information?
Why would someone buy your product/service?
What kind of work do committees do?
What makes it unique and of value?
When will the parliamentary elections to the regional Duma of the Chechen Republic be held as foreseen under the Constitution of the Chechen Republic?
What is Modern Comtprollership?
What are the costs of supporting students?
What are the legacies of the ACCEP (positive or negative/ expected or unexpected) and will its accomplishments be sustainable?
When prior art information is relied upon to reject a patent application is a copy of this information supplied to the applicant?
Why is the Bulletin edited by the Secretariat-General?
What is his status (legal or illegal)?
Why was the navy favoured in this way when all sectors of the Forces were in the same situation, with not enough bilingual Anglophones to fill all their positions?
What do you think the criticisms were of people who worked at munitions plants?
What information should be included on the official donation receipt?
What are the system requirements for these programs?
What was the CIT’s ruling on this?
What is the scope of the monitoring?
When you speak to policymakers about civil society’s role in conflict prevention, what is their reaction?
What programs (on any subject) do you operate that are targeted to kids who are at-risk for hepatitis C?
What should be considered in deciding appropriateness and availability of alternative therapies?
What did they think of the other itineraries?
What kind of arthritis %do/does% %you/he/she% have?
What are the requirements that managers must perform throughout this process?
What percentage of your company's production (by value of sales) is exported?
What is the profile of a successful initiative - successful from the job creation point of view?
What does the State do to promote a healthy work-family balance?
What does it mean to have control over one's health?
What other proposals would you suggest to revamp approaches to the MRL issue in the legislation renewal process?
What Inuit group(s) are you reading about?
What are the particular experiences and talents that develop with age, and in what ways are they or could they be used?
What will the new recourse system look like?
What is the organization’s legislative or administrative framework – are there any legislative requirements?
What did they do?
What are the appropriate levels of investment in recordkeeping resources, including dedicated professional records staff, informed employees, space and facilities, record-handling processes, technology tools and support, and management oversight, needed to meet both its legal and policy obligations and its business-line imperatives?
What are the accountability mechanisms?
Why do health researchers need to make secondary use of data?
What ongoing mechanisms will be required to co-ordinate the public works function among governments?
What is the current status of the GATS negotiations?
Who authorizes the requirement of services or goods within the contract?
What is an incidental ingredient?
Which ones are you prepared to try?
What do we expect to see or hear as a result of our outputs and activities?
What steps have already been taken by road authorities to improve the management of road salts?
What shape is our galaxy in?
Who doesn't get a mammogram?
Who visits indigenous communities?
What are the key areas where we think we can move the system to reduce and prevent disease/injury and hospitalization, and promote health and wellbeing?
What are the deadlines for submitting proposals?
What are the historical precedents?
What is the role of the concomitant use of low-dose aspirin in reducing the cardiovascular risk in patients treated with COX-2 inhibitors?
What specific measures have impeded your firm’s activities, or have affected your customers’ ability to do business with your firm?
Why are people choosing organic foods?
What goods might be exchanged between the two?
What is completely different?
What have you done to address the factors that are associated with your offending?
What Air Motions Can Doppler Weather Radar Detect?
What adds credibility for a user of information?
What policy changes would you recommend with respect to duty, brokerage and customs fees applied to assistive devices for persons with disabilities?
What are the impacts, both intended and unintended?
What factors drive the level and significance of foundations' management and operating costs?
Which are the population groups most vulnerable to socio-economic impacts of climate change ?
What new institutions, networks and physical infrastructure would it suggest?
What are the eligibility requirements?
Which National Park and Natural Region is close to your partner school?
What does the Performances and Phonograms Treaty cover?
What kind of targeting works?
What characterizes the Nexus Generation?
What if natural resources did not exist as "natural resources," that is, as objects and life forms devoid of spirituality and intentionality?
What improvements/alternatives can be made to the strategy and its components?
Why Is The Ottawa Process Historically Significant For Peacebuilding?
What lessons were learned and what barriers were faced during the implementation phase of the SDS?
Where can I find information to help me find work and settle in Canada?
What are the sanctions for someone who is found to have committed a wrongdoing?
Where were runaway slaves escaping to?
What conclusions can be drawn today from the Cuban Missile Crisis?
What steps would be taken to promote cooperation and teamwork?
Which province depends on groundwater for 100 percent of its total domestic needs?
What was Louisa’s mother’s role?
What are the emotional effects of ADD and ADHD?
What measures did the federal and provincial governments take to follow up on the recommendations of the Committee in 1993 to reduce the gap between welfare rates and the poverty line?
What would you tell another initiative about Outcome Management?
What needs to be done differently?
What measures are being put in place to increase women’s access to formal credit?
What kind of transportation did this explorer use?
What’s common and what can you do about them?
Who verifies the accuracy of meters?
When you imagine scientists growing cells, what's the first thing that comes to mind?
What are the forms of delays established in the ECHR case law and their causes?
Which political groups sit in Parliament?
What is an outlier?
Where can I get a version of TOD?
What were the problems the Irish immigrants faced?
What is a sustainable development strategy?
What would the outcome have been if these airport workers had instead trusted their intuition and acted?
What are community-assisted hearings?
When beginning systemic integration, which community services and supports should be given priority?
When a Portable Document Format (PDF) file is sent to us bearing the permit, will a header be sent for the purposes of identifying the PDF file contents?
What I must then ask myself is, "Am I personally prepared to execute a man or a woman?
What are your existing programs, and how would you describe and position the LLRF with respect to these programs?
What is labour market information?
What is the potential for important new observations or knowledge?
Why are so many young people involved in road traffic crashes?
What parts of the preparation will be valuable to us in the future?
What steps will TC take to ensure passenger and crew information received from airlines, travel agents and automated ticket kiosks is accurate, complete, and up-to-date and relates to identifiable individuals?
What will become of the dialogue between the Council and the Assembly which we have conducted for so many years?
What do you think of the ongoing efforts to improve the ecological health of the park while providing new ways for people to enjoy it?
Why should indigenous and local communities have to get their national government’s permission to do what they want with their protected knowledge when patent, copyright and Plant Breeders’ rights-holders do not have to do the same thing?
What lessons can be learned from the consultation practices of other departments?
What about Canada’s role in tackling this issue?
What's next for this busy team?
What address should a complete T3010 return be mailed to?
What are the major considerations that you think of when you think about this question?
Who is an ex-combatant and who should qualify for the DDR process?
Who represents the Algonquin people in the negotiations?
Who originated the information or asset?
Who do I have working on the evaluation who has the skills necessary to conduct interviews?
Where do we need to go in order to tackle the complex security-related challenges in the world today?
What social, economic and political contexts encourage hate crimes?
What are the criteria for funding?
What can you, as a manager, do under those circumstances?
What are our hopes and our concerns?
What’s happening on sulphur in diesel fuel in Canada?
What do we mean by water quality?
Where are the most significant challenges?
What are the unique and positive attributes/responses that men bring to caregiving role?
Why isn't the posting allowance something like a grant?
What have we done and accomplished so far, and what more can we do to realize our goals?
What follow-up action for study subjects do you recommend?
What implementation challenges were encountered with each of the program activities (child benefit supplement, reinvestment programs) and how were they resolved?
What is the Eastern Scotian Shelf Integrated Ocean Management Plan?
What is the Summer Mentorship Program For Female Students?
What specific aspects of the external environment do you think you should monitor?
What is the highest level of education that you have attained?
Which is the longest river in Canada?
Who owns the digital rights to your journal?
What have been the challenges, if any, to the implementation of the Initiative and anti-terrorist financing measures and how have these challenges been addressed or overcome?
What will review and reporting be like?
What do you think should be the guiding principles of a National Disaster Mitigation Strategy?
What are the two major natural processes in the native grasslands of North America, and how are they beneficial to this type of ecosystem?
What ought to be the outcome(s) of employing the systems and practices so as to achieve the key results (that is, the corporate objectives)?
What does Public Health do when a suspect case is reported?
Who was elected Canada’s first Prime Minister in 1867 and now appears on the $10 dollar bill?
What’s the Connection?
What can be done and who should be doing it to let Canadians know that the military is important, that we can't just depend on the United States to protect us, and to also point out the important roles that the military does perform?
Who is showing works of Asian artists and under what context?
What is Needed From 2000 to 2010?
What other attributes and roles are needed?
What strengths or abilities, both personal and professional, do you have that make you a good candidate for this position?
What effect did this have on peoples' ability to participate in the activity?
Why in the survey materials would [the firm] explain the purposes of its surveys only in such limited terms as fact-finding, opinion-gathering, and product quality improvement, and relegate to a document that no one would ordinarily ever see the further purpose of direct marketing by third parties?
Why is this work so significant?
What is Home and Community Care?
Who is authorized to sign the Appointment Delegation and Accountability Instrument (ADAI)?
What other people or groups could be involved in the program?
What can I do to stop or reduce standby power consumption?
What impact has the Program had on talent identification programs?
What is the population of your community?
What methods were used to minimize problems such as incomplete recall of events?
Why has this new bilateral agreement been negotiated?
Why do you not leave the Olympics to somebody who really cares?
What if Russia were to inadvertently use a copy of the film that was pirated, as one imagines is true of most copies floating around in Russia?
Why do we not impose term limits on the other House?
What are the liability insurance requirements?
Who would pay for the new safety equipment under these conditions?
What will be the role of the Council of Europe and how best the existing pool of expertise could be used?
Which issues should be dealt with internationally and which nationally, or what division should be made between international regulation and national regulation?
What could help you or your organization to become effectively involved in this process?
What, if anything, do you think needs to be done to ensure that the Internet does not bring the integrity of Canada’s electoral system into question?
What should you do if you are a victim of debit card fraud?
What is the federal government's role in Aboriginal economic development?
What language/s do you speak at home?
What does your PA affect?
When is your 2006 section 216 return due?
What are the type of sporting events that were turned down?
What other sources of funding are available?
Where will I live?
Why does the federal government have 360 targeted Aboriginal programs being delivered by 34 departments?
What environmental assessment process was used for road salts?
What arrangements need to be made internally to ensure that productivity is maintained and what are the costs involved?
Who - what men are caregivers?
What is the link between burnout and work–life conflict?
Why Do We Need A Learning-Centred Public Service?
What tools will be available to help managers analyze the survey results?
What is demanded of the trainers and peer educators?
Why didn't your client obtain what you consider he was entitled to?
Which ones?
What is the Canadian body weight classification system?
When will the Information Management Portal be launched?
What is your current living arrangement?
What kinds of disputes can the Commission handle?
What is international preliminary examination?
What is Evaluation?
What are the optimum conditions for the storage of each of the required specimens?
What will this do to the choices that the co-ops and others have with respect to the shipment of gain?
Why was the correspondence not passed on to Prime Minister Harper?
What are the needs and expectations of TCE/folklore custodians?
Who should receive the advance payments?
What is any multilateral organization possible to define ourselves, recognize our identity, prebut a pooling of resources or sovereignty?
What will happen if this mussel is added to the SARA List?
What was the selection board’s goal?
What or who helped them?
What are the potential nightmares or overriding issues?
What are the changes?
Who’s Doing What?
Which practices are implemented to evaluate also unintended consequences of action?
What was the first act published in the Canada Gazette that affected the GTPR?
What were the results of the lung capacity test done by U of A (Pat Hessel)?
What is the content of language teaching – What do language learners and teachers talk and read about?
What are the advantages of donating?
Why has it not been enacted?
Why are these metacognitive strategies so important?
Which types of strategic decisions are considered to be "relating to the environment"?
What is Canada's position with respect to the "subsidies" component of the negotiating mandate?
What impact will any regulation have on current available therapies?
Which issues, if any, should be dealt with in law and which ones in policy?
What gifts can you claim?
Where Do They Live?
What else exists beyond our Solar System that is yet to be discovered?
What are the underlying emotional needs of Aboriginal experience seekers?
What are some of the safeguards built into the Anti-terrorism Act?
What amounts are included in total revenue?
What will the PSC do to ensure the alternative provision is applied properly?
What do we need to have better measures of what is rigorous and academically meritorious in research for international development?
What factors were related to whether they received these payments?
What are the common indicators of gaps in the research application process?
What can I do to ensure that I am regularly physically active?
What is a DOCLINE User Account?
Which regions?
Why are drug costs rising?
What, if anything, needs to change to make the adoption of the proposed direction possible?
When will a final agreement be reached?
What role should artists, labels, distributors, promoters, publishers, public institutions and media have?
What are the differentiated needs and priorities of women and men from the target group?
Who better to convey that message than people working at the local level?
What is the peak month for Canadian tornadoes?
Which can affect the other, and to what extent?
What is the potential for important new observations or knowledge to be gained from both the planning phase and the proposed future larger project?
What procedures and associated costs to the HA are involved with ensuring that the terms of these agreements are observed and that adequate records of these transactions are kept?
What do the definitions have in common?
What is the National Population Health Survey?
Why not get this group to work more systematically together towards this goal, and exploit more fully the complementarities between the networks?
What is the potential for important new knowledge and added value for users of research?
What should be the acceptable acute success rate (non inducibility of the target arrhythmia) after catheter ablation?
What contribution might it make to the human health field?
Why do Europe and America support a blockade of young minds?
What's next?
Why would a province ever want to see an elected Senate?
What environmental concerns should you have when considering the purchase of a product packaged in an aerosol can?
What are the current findings of psychological research in the drug field with regard to personality traits, personnality disorders and co-morbid psychopathology, as well as alcohol- and drug-related expectancies?
What you should put in your proposal and what you should leave out?
What steps should be taken to ensure that Canadians benefit from the widest possible range of French-Language broadcasting services in minority francophone communities?
Where in Canada have the greatest number of tornadoes been reported?
What are the environmental issues associated with the disposal of these products?
What impacts have been observed to date from program delivery under the Partnering Arrangement, including related training and technology transfer?
What is it about flying that leads to impulsive behaviour?
What is the difference between a numeric attribute and a categorical attribute?
What is our plan for the future?
What is needed to make mining an attractive development option for Aboriginal communities in the future?
What kind of information does Council want from them?
What happens if the police charge the abuser?
What role should the Tribunal and the Commission play in a reformed complaints system?
What is one thing that you learnt at the workshop that you can bring into your own practice?
What are the benefits to becoming a Statistics Canada licensed value-added distributor?
What resources or tools would be useful to support increased professional excellence in this area?
Why does the Conservative government not take appropriate steps to fulfil its obligations under the Geneva Convention and ensure that the rules for handing prisoners over are followed, thereby protecting the good reputation of Canada abroad?
What had happened to steal away their sense of belonging, to snuff out any hope of ever belonging again?
Why do current access policies and linkage practices among data custodians vary so?
What happened when John Strachan founded Trinity College one hundred and fifty years ago?
What strategy should he adopt when starting his new job?
What specific activities, initiatives, or programs have been carried out?
What is the best way to care for this infant?
Who decides on the priorities when this process is over?
What will be the nominal and average X-ray tube voltages?
Why is it important and what lessons are to be learned?
What were the key indicators of success identified for the Canada Games?
What participation-related projects funded by the SSP have been implemented by eligible NSOs, MSOs and others and P/Ts?
Why, then, is Demasduit considered to be an eminent Canadian?
What impacts might they have on natural health product license holders?
What should I look for on a food label to find out if the food product has had a food allergen or gluten source added to it?
What is the relationship between healing and nation building?
What Do Networks Do?
What drugs have you been using in the last few days and weeks?
Who would gain control of the empire of oil if US counterstrikes brought the Arab streets to a boil and the Saudi regime broke down?
What are the rates of acceptance, rejection, and renewal?
What measures could be undertaken to better integrate passenger and freight transport in research and in urban mobility planning?
Why are contribution rates increasing?
Where is the most valuable agricultural land in France?
What is the current situation and what needs to happen?
Where can I find out more?
When is GST/HST payable?
Who can apply for the Credit?
What items would you like to show your support of agriculture?
What was the reason for your most recent extension of a term employee?
What if everyone else in the workplace is comfortable with the behaviour?
Why now?
What is the potential impact on the drug of such mistreatment -- does it become more powerful, or lose potency?
What roles can intercultural education play in all of this?
What will this mean for social policy?
Which occupation groups participated in the rise in first quartile employment during the recession?
Why is the fight against money laundering so important?
Where do the resources come from?
What is the deadline for applying?
What are the implications when a conventional practitioner with privileges provides an unregulated complementary/alternative service or product?
What causes any variations in the requirements?
What do you think the agriculture and agri-food sector in your region needs to do over the next 10-15 years to achieve sustainable profitability and growth?
What challenges do we face in translating genomic information into clinical practice?
Which stakeholders/constituency have you consulted and what was the nature of the feedback?
When should the call letter for Plans be issued?
What about cost?
Which directions to go?
What is in a patent document?
What funding is available?
What do you think this committee is going to be able to do for you?
What are the overtime charges?
What are the consequences for innovation in a longitudinal perspective?
What is "Access to Genetic Resources and Benefit-sharing"?
What do King George VI's bandaged fingers have to do with trains?
What is a representative identifier (RepID) and why do I need one?
Why are these issues of national provision so important with regard to 'age'?
What is their likely impact on system costs?
Why does the CCRA object to such a refund?
What do Europe's citizens think about the CAP?
What will change in society as result of project?
What is the balance between ownership, control, access, and impact?
What ecological receptors should be protected?
What are the basic requirements to apply to the post-secondary recruitment of mathematical statisticians?
What must the ITN program supply and what can households supply?
What knowledge and skills does it need?
Where can I find the real GDP, income-based?
What would be the consequences of accession by the community/union to the european convention on human rights?
What should I do?
What are the main findings and conclusions of the work carried out on the main substantive themes under consideration for the 1993-95 intersessional period?
What is a Wind Farm Lease?
What types of production are being shot in digital formats?
What is the prevalence of contraception, by method?
What was their explanation of how your injury wasn't job-related?
What safeguards do they consider most important when their information is in electronic form?
What is the Bilingual Query Module?
What will the Canadian Forces’ role in the Arctic be?
What is the link between work-life conflict and use of various components of the health care system?
When advertising job openings or publishing other notices, which of the following does your company employ?
Why do we need common base service standards?
Which of these resourcing options did we study?
Why aren't AMICUS records sorted automatically?
What rights do companies actually have under the NAFTA Chapter 11?
What are efficient solutions to overcome these barriers and enlarge access to jobs?
What is to become of us?
What was the objective of the drug use in animals in Canada study?
What interest do we pay on refunds?
What is the appropriate role for health professionals, industry, provincial governments, and other stakeholders in delivering on the objectives set out in the Blueprint?
What will you do to ensure the correct implementation of social and employment policy in the Member States in order to ensure that legislation is not only transposed, but also properly implemented?
What Is An Authorized Service Provider?
What is the layer cloud with a relatively flat top and a base generally above 2000 m, 6500 ft, and a top that often extends beyond 6 km, 20,000 ft?
What change between the 1920s and 1930s took Canada's economy from prosperity to the Great Depression and its terrible unemployment?
When, if ever, is someone "healed?
What are the reporting mechanisms to the MCSS, HRDC, and the Implementation/Advisory Committee?
What challenges have been experienced and how have the challenges been handled?
What are the things that have made it difficult for you to be the type of father you want to be since coming to Canada?
Why do you disapprove of these proposals?
When surplus capacity is removed from an area, how do we ensure that it is not merely transferred elsewhere, with the consequence of zero net capacity reduction and the destabilization of other fisheries?
What happens if I fail to report?
Which Soviet-era diplomas are comparable to a Canadian Master's degree?
Which 10 year period shows the largest number of births?
What were your targets for the reporting period?
Why the rush to give Kosovo independence?
What does the definition of rolling stock include?
What happened to play?
What is your Unit's language composition?
What are the sites like?
Who are your role models and why?
What is a business?
What do you propose to improve application of General Guidance of Economic Policy and an annual framework of the economic policy of EU so that they are truly efficient?
What would be the rationale for such an exception?
What are the special provisions relating to non-qualifying securities and loanbacks?
What factors would be included in calculations of this cost/benefit ratio?
When did %you/he/she% stop smoking?
What rights, if any, should private sponsors have concerning the termination of a study?
Where does this term abroad fit in the context of your career, your life goals?
What are the requirements for admission into Canadian universities?
Who can be treated with <Product Name>?
What is more vital for the future of humanity – and life in general – than water?
What mechanisms are available to the foundation to assist it to comply with the Act in such a case?
What?
What things seemed to make the situation worse?
What is the reason the entry(s) for your Office need(s) to be revised or updated?
What are the emerging health risks, and what kind of science expertise will we need to deal with these risks?
Who will be doing the on-site work?
What did you learn about the Shoah at school?
What lessons have been learned about engaging provinces and territories in the negotiations process?
What are the minimum requirements of a 1) trust document?
Why not take the next logical step and establish a framework for cooperation between those bodies?
Who would expect to find Aboriginal people, Canadians, Scots and Hawaiians working together trading furs, processing salmon and farming?
What are your liability concerns and how do you think they could best be addressed?
What forms of perceived flexibility help those with dependent care deal with family-to-work interference?
Why is influenza a winter disease?
What medications were prescribed to the patient?
What leadership responsibilities can be deduced from the Competing Values Model?
What information should be included on the manifest?
What is required in the letters of support at the Letter of Intent stage?
Why has urban food security dropped off the agenda?
What will be the impact on the poor?
Who should be responsible for what?
What is the anticipated scale of the impact?
When must supplier labels be revised?
Which ethnic group is the second largest in Afghanistan?
What are the implications (legal input required)?
When is the Speech given?
What if I spend a couple of nights at sea?
What kind of beta-sheet structures permit all the chemical "players" onto the same field (as they must be able to do)?
What is the Government of Canada doing about this report?
When values and ethics organizations are established as stand-alone entities the immediate question is: Which policies is the V&E Office to be responsible for?
What would our cities be like with no trees?
What are the barriers to recognition of the social profitability of women's work in the social infrastructure of communities?
What can we do to reduce the amount of harmful gases released into the atmosphere?
What do they base the estimates on?
Whither the workweek?
Which Member States, if any, took appropriate action to remedy their non-conformity following the Commission Communication?
What are the procedures for observing and getting feedback on the teaching / learning activities?
Where does our water go when it goes down the drain?
What's new?
Why are investigations conducted?
What are the main problems and major successes?
What if there is a dispute about the establishment of a committee, its size or function?
What is going to happen when the water tables do go up?
What are some of the things that are at risk without federal funding?
Who hasn’t used the Net at all?
What are citizens’ and clients’ priorities for action, including their priorities for single-window service clusters, nationally and by province?
What better place to start than right here in Toronto?
What will this candidate contribute to your publishing company?
Who can operate the GDSS?
Which of the claims made on other groups did they not accept as responsibilities?
What message would you like to give to stakeholders, screening providers and their PBS officers for the beginning of this New Year?
Where did the last Duel in Upper Canada take place?
What were the problems along the way?
What kind of steps have you taken to adjust to a changing Brazil?
Who would evaluate them and what penalties may apply?
What mechanisms should be used to fund TransLink's financial priorities?
What are the best ways to build links between the social and environmental dimensions of corporate social responsibility?
What is the process for conducting an environmental assessment?
What influence do the women have on decision making, and what contribution do they make to the overall work of the NOC?
What does this measure show that the other measures do not?
What determines the different isotopes that will evaporate and be carried by the air currents to the Mount Logan area?
What does this mean, and how can it be done?
Which of the following will increase the costs of managing your money the most from a banking point of view?
What’s on the agenda for 2005?
What are the main features of the Environmental Liability Directive?
What are you able to do over the next year?
What does the PSEA mean for employees?
What are the sources of radiofrequency fields?
What examples can you provide of how you implemented this strategy?
What financial assistance is available?
What is the territorial reference—the province or the country as a whole?
Who can request a correction?
What will happen to competitions at the Assistant Deputy Minister level?
What is the fourth variable affecting visibility particular to night-time observations?
What should be taken into account, when initiatives are planned and implemented, and when the consequences and results of initiatives are evaluated?
What are the benefits and risks of such an approach?
What are the major achievements since the Berlin Conference?
What should adult immigrants be able to do with the Dutch language to function efficiently in these situations?
What degree of comparability regarding terms and conditions of carriage is required for maritime railway traffic relative to traffic originating or destined at the Island of Newfoundland?
What if you do gain a bit of weight?
Why are only a few colours used in the guide?
When it comes to choosing people for international assignments, is it more important to get the right person, or to not get the wrong person?
What is the Defence Learning Network (DLN)?
What is Hepatitis B recurrence?
What would happen to Atlantic salmon if this habitat were destroyed?
What precautions do health staff (including laboratory staff) take routinely with all patients regardless of the patients’ infection status?
What tangible benefits has your organization received from management training?
What is the impact of high levels of work to family interference on perceived health and the use of Canada's health care system?
Why create a Project Plan?
What It Means To Be Addicted Are you addicted?
What obstacles are Roma facing in trying to gain access to employment?
What is your Chamber’s assessment, if any, of the role of the euro in an international monetary system marked by strong global imbalances?
What are advantages of EXJADE over other therapies?
What are the implications of earth observation on disaster management?
Who can I speak to about my opportunity with foreign governments?
What personal attributes should be considered when choosing an individual to represent a sector?
What are Job Competency Profiles?
What is the purpose of the Retrospective Analysis of the 1994 Environmental Review of the Uruguay Round?
What did he do?
What is the structure of the Vienna Classification?
Which geography?
What effect will this have on existing contracts?
What quality standards apply at sites?
Where does the money in the machine come from?
What happens when you incur an ABIL?
What is a capital loss?
Why?
What about pregnant women?
What aspects of the program (content or delivery) can be improved upon?
What is the regular monthly condominium fee for this dwelling?
What is the potential therapeutic efficacy of marijuana (Health Canada, 1998)?
What special measures are needed in society to rectify the unhealthy power and wealth relationships which systematically disadvantage women and children and deprive society of their wisdom?
What do I have to do to comply with the RED Act and its Regulations?
What is the average number of persons per household in Canada, according to the 2006 Census?
What is the operational, legislative or policy purpose?
What was the process of policy formulation or amendment?
What are the main challenges to the creation of press councils in new democracies?
Why does the current per-minute contribution mechanism need to be replaced?
What did this rider do wrong?
What will happen to Indian Act bands in Gwich'in communities?
What special challenges arise when the lead partner is government, and the intersectoral process involves collaboration among different branches of government as well as among government and non-governmental organizations?
What elements would you like to see reinforced, what introduced, and what dropped?
Where are we today and how did we get here?
What do these models look like?
What is their current product portfolio?
What curriculum dynamics?
What causes any variations in the requirements?
What are my obligations in regard to PCB wastes?
What is extended adjuvant therapy ?
What are the steps that have to be followed when incorporating online?
What geographic areas did the licences cover?
Who can apply for funding from the Community Historical Recognition Program?
Why the evaluation?
What is the discount rate for future income?
Why are there adjudication contracts for some?
Why then, Lerner asks, would any one want to encourage amateur individual investors, rather than specialized financial intermediaries such as venture capitalists, to invest in this sector?
Why Primary Health Care Renewal?
Why should these outputs also be in a repository?
What is expected from us as the performer in your venue?
Why did it take so long to develop this standard?
Why Does Pain Hurt?
When will the new regulatory approach be in place and what is the process for amending or developing regulations?
Who should take the lead in this incident?
What do you think are some of the barriers or challenges to successfully implementing the NLCA and is there a part that is of particular interest to you and/or your community?
What is the purpose of Priority Review?
What are your thoughts on this?
What role did the Commissioner General’s pre-Expo Techjin Tour of Tokyo region and its media coverage play in the promotion of the Canada Pavilion?
What Is the Federal Authority in the Area of Health Protection?
Why is the Canton of Geneva taking such an active part in S-DEV Geneva 05?
What rate of tax applies to an amount paid before July 1, 2006 for a magazine subscription if the magazines will be delivered to the customer after that date?
What can individual Canadians do to reduce air pollution and greenhouse gas emissions?
What is the appropriate balance between error-tolerance and risk taking?
Who is responsible for making sure that the information is communication to all the relevant areas of TBS?
What shape of dock will best accommodate your wish list of activities?
What environmental resources are critical to the poor and contribute most to poverty reduction?
Who had procurement authority?
What happens once a settlement has been reached?
What would your company require to compete in this area?
What types of clinical trials must be filed?
What is being done to raise awareness among youth in Canada about global issues?
What faces look back at us when we gaze into the historical mirror?
Where is the Eastern Prickly Pear Cactus found?
Why do you want to have these data, and what use is to be made of the results?
Which of the following factors, if any, should be included in defining atmospheric Pressure?
Who can be treated with ARIMIDEX?
Where can I get more information about contracting with CIDA?
What impact do these high levels of family to work interference and caregiver strain have on key organizational outcomes?
What are the health beliefs and attitudes of rural Canadians and how do these beliefs affect health outcomes?
What is the position of the different players in the field?
What aspects of your current work give you the most satisfaction and why?
What effects will they have, and what side effects?
What measuring tools allow us to evaluate the degree of success?
What could we senior officials have done differently at the time?
What is the attitude towards natural gas among commercial establishments?
Why do firms invest abroad?
What are the barriers in your community to being open about having HIV or AIDS?
What is your own working definition of population health?
What knowledge, skills, attitudes and values are involved in intercultural competence and what is the relevant importance of each?
What, if any, were the advantages of being recruited through the FORD/IARD program ?
What are Canada's main areas of trade in services?
Where can I find information on starting a poultry business?
What changes have been made to the new Health Canada Web site?
Where can I consult the decisions taken by the Boards of Appeal?
What does communication between cultures LOOK like?
Why is there no % Daily Value for some nutrients?
Why, for example, do we invest in French-speaking communities outside Quebec when we know that these funds do not reach the majority of the population?
What did you see as the most attractive features of an employee/management buyout?
What other adventures could Morphie have/where else could he go?
What would be, in 2020, the major added value brought or supported by WHO’s specific features and status as a member of the United Nations family?
What Do Networks Do?
What is the New Child Tax Credit?
What is the role of experimentation in military transformation?
Why are contributions for prior service I had elected to buy back still being deducted now that I am retired?
What’s the national anthem?
What do all competing products have in common?
What are the main findings and recommendations of the Interim Report?
Who is more likely to get TB disease?
What do I need to bring to the examination?
Why does a police officer who becomes a crime scene expert, who spends hours looking for clues, have to prepare his own report?
What was it?
What do we want government to do?
What can we do about Shaken Baby Syndrome?
Why Do We Conduct Clinical Trials?
Why is the Key Leadership Competencies Profile the main component of the EX Qualification Standard?
What were the main distinctive features of the budget implementation process in 2006?
What is the Embracing Change Co-ordination Unit?
What has worked well and what has not in healthcare clinics in Canada and abroad?
What lessons - successes and constraints - can be drawn from dealin& with these issues under diffeerent institutions, systems and processes?
What Is the Primary Breast Implant Reconstruction Procedure?
What sort of circumstances might require the use of these powers?
What are the bases and challenges of a welfare society based on a «culture» of rights?
What is the definition of all the terms of the problem to be addressed?
Why Collaborate?
Why do we need a new Veterans Charter?
What kinds of protection do federal heritage buildings receive if government departments propose changes or interventions?
What are the potential cumulative effects of each regional alternative?
What arrangements have the research team made toward including French-speaking African immigrants?
When can I start to submit version 04 STRs?
What options could be explored to reinforce the links between investments in national water projects and the introduction of corresponding water pricing to provide incentives for users and avoid distorting competition?
What role is mathematics given in the general Core Curriculum?
What do Mexicans think?
What is the difference between Biosafety Level 2 (BSL-2) and BSL2/polio?
When is this evidence to be introduced by the patent applicant?
What is the education process in place?
What type of information is collected?
What does this name mean?
What should be the process for considering the best use of fisheries resources?
What if the client provides new information before his or her tax return is filed?
When is electronic filing required?
What are the best and most appropriate ways of ensuring accountability to clients, community and government?
What is a woman’s life like at the start of this new century?
What are some common reasons applications are rejected?
What is Behind Increasing Wage Inequality in Mexico?
What is the representation of a group being compared to?
What is entrepreneurship?
What kinds of projects are eligible?
What are the expected economic development outcomes for the Targeted Investment Program?
What would be the appropriate thing to do?
Why is the Treaty of Lisbon not easier to read?
Which cessation or quit method is most preferred by youth?
What is the Government of Canada doing to address problems in First Nations communities?
Where is it found and how is it used?
What are the necessary transaction documentation and approvals?
Where's the electronics assembly industry that Asia has or that San Pedro Sula, Honduras has, or the million workers like in Mexico in the Maquila sector that were a major boost to early industrialization in the 1980s and '90s?
What role did the recipient play in the life of the Prime Minister?
What is the new housing rebate?
What if there is a conflict among laws?
Where will more Information be available?
What levels of power output are planned and what are the estimated/possible thermal and non-thermal health effects?
What does the current rate of glacial decay suggest about the rate of global warming?
Who uses the survey data?
What is the scope of a pre-implementation audit?
What values would you use for the calculation?
What Do You Want to See at SARSCENE 2000?
What is the duty of fair representation?
What happens when the same information is communicated differently?
What has been the impact of the new infrastructure on the level and distribution of provincial funding of university research?
What does the Government of Canada do to protect the environment from the potential risks of chemical substances?
What type of information do they receive?
What are some indicators for this measure?
What has IDRC learned about supporting networks?
What will each option mean for you?
What food, drinks or other medicine should I avoid when I take this medicine?
Where are Defence dollars being spent?
Which positions would be difficult to fill because they require particular expertise and/or the incumbents possess a wealth of corporate knowledge?
Why is there a need to talk in terms of positions or jobs?
What are good sources of information and data to help us answer these questions?
What is the potential for research development?
What other (non-IP) laws and measures might be useful in providing comprehensive protection for TCEs/EoF?
Why do you think it was important to include this clause?
When is the Speaker of the Senate appointed?
What has Health Canada done to help make the donation and transplantation system in Canada as safe as possible?
Who should not be treated with LYRICA?
Where can I get more information?
What conflicts do you see as potentially developing among or between these values, and how would you resolve them?
What kind of issues do Interim Land Withdrawals solve?
Why does the Secretary General need a co-ordinator on Roma issues?
When in the week do you watch TV5?
What should be done to improve and develop mechanisms that provide support for specifically vulnerable offenders groups?
What does the wider community think of the health worker and clinic?
What arrangements should be made to respect existing geographical indications, or to seek appropriate protection for geographical indications?
What are we doing at Formation Halifax to address our problems?
What can the EU and the EP do to help young Africans?
What do we know about the prevalence of work to family spillover from this study?
What Is Meant By "community-based Health Services"?
What levels of contamination have people been exposed to?
What were David Phillips' Canadian top 10 weather stories for 2007?
What is diabetes?
What do I do about reporting on Sustainable Development Strategies initiatives?
What effect did the desks have on the subject’s reaction time and dexterity?
What is the likelihood that this event could have obtained financial support outside of the Hosting Program?
What body seems to be best placed to mediate disputes on jurisdiction?
What incentives will work to encourage the early and universal adoption of new beneficial evidence-based research results by mental health and addiction service providers?
What percentage of the Unidentified Grade 7 students' believes that the perfect principal should reward good students by giving them a day off from school?
Who decides what is "politically controversial"?
Whom should I name as my beneficiary?
When did you last have an eye examination?
What is your level of agreement or disagreement with the following statements regarding a pro-active and enabling regulatory system?
Where do the contaminants come from?
What if the Bilingual Query Module does not find any equivalents for your search terms?
What is Industry Canada's role?
Why do you think it is happy (or sad)?
What is the best way to target new funding for high performance sport to ensure the success of Canada's athletes on the international stage?
Why should we do/use team-based care?
What If Athletes Are under 18?
What animals, fish, flora and birds existed in that place?
What does it take to become a chief financial officer or chief audit executive?
What advantage would there be for couples to marry and start a family if they could enjoy the same status and advantages without doing so?
What Are Controlled Substances?
Which organizations could play a role in implementation?
Where can I find the information required?
When did the Species at Risk Act (SARA) come into effect?
What ethnic origin does the patient consider him/herself to be?
Who is in charge of the day-to-day operations of the HA?
What have your training, learning and development experiences and opportunities been like?
What about GATS negotiations on domestic regulations?
Where do the greatest uncertainties lie with respect to characterising caribou habitat, and what types of information are necessary to reduce these uncertainties?
When you use external contractors to write and design your marketing and promotional material or your web site/web pages, do their contracts specify who owns the IP that would be created?
What are programs?
What does "integrate" mean in this context?
Which one is it?
Who is responsible to develop the checklists and to review inspection frequencies?
Where do we need to go?
What will imminent demographic changes in western countries mean in terms of competition for funding, demands for accountability and perhaps changed attitudes and priorities?
What type of support do former participants find most useful?
What are some benefits of "Computer-based" Training?
What is e-Business?
What is the scope of the regulations, including the species covered, and to what area does the regulation apply?
What was this turning point and how did it affect your relationship?
What can we learn from the participants who dropped out of the program?
What will happen if my corporation does not file its Annual Return?
What are the features of the new civilization?
What is the role of the provinces in this new land management regime?
What is the business case for focusing on this area given all of the other challenges that the Public Service faces?
What is the Values and Ethics Code for the Public Service?
Why do we not have a similar agreement for maritime co-operation or aid to civilian authorities?
What type of authorization do I need?
What training materials will you need for the programme?
What was the nature and extent of French support to Saddam Hussein’s air force?
When did the Interim Approach come into effect?
Who will lead?
Who designed the Library?
Who will lead the effort to coordinate and prioritize related research, and where will the leveraging resources required to help focus the research to effectively address identified priorities come from?
Who found it, when was it found and what happened to it in the years immediately following its discovery?
Why should patients be subject to experimental conditions if licensing suggests that uncertainty around the benefits and risks has been resolved?
What will each option mean for you, Roley, and the rest of the Platoon?
What percentage of directors must be resident Canadian?
What information might they require?
Where can federal land managers obtain further advice, assistance, or information required to make decisions that involve wetlands?
What if you receive an additional refund?
What Canadian regulatory and policy frameworks are most important to your industry?
What else would you expect from a city laid out under a glowing 100-foot crucifix?
What have been the intended and unintended short-term impacts of the strategy?
What is Environment Canada doing to reduce the risk to the environment caused by VOCs?
Who provides the professional, drug and support services?
Which of the micro-finance services have been most helpful?
What elements of the "individual in the context of community" should comprise our definition of healthy lifestyle?
What is the main reason that %you/he/she% %work/works/worked% at more than one job?
Where, for instance, do the arts fit into the study?
What is the price of a litre of tap water?
What are some concrete steps that you people as practitioners and the leaders of IM in your departments can put in place collectively to help us move this whole agenda forward?
What market share of national imports and/or exports is controlled by the STE?
What conclusions are to be drawn from these judgments on the scope of section 41 and Part VII?
Why are the differences in quality between FP and NFP so much more pronounced in the nursing home sector than among hospitals?
What are the chances of developing active TB disease?
What new partnerships developed from this project and what has been the contribution to home and community health care?
Why are they important to Canada and the world?
What type of licence will be granted?
What happens if you drafted the answer to Part III in a Word (or similar) document first and you want now to copy it in the text field on the screen?
What are the pros and cons of each option?
What are risk capital investors looking for?
What information will I need to provide to apply for my benefits online?
Why Study BMPs in the Thomas Brook Watershed?
What effect has sensationalistic coverage produced in multicultural societies like Canada?
What makes the schooling up here different than any other place in Canada?
What position does America have towards climate change?
What steps should be taken in order to reinforce this co-operation and make it more efficient?
What happens to methyl mercury in the body and where does it accumulate?
What's New?
What's New?
What information or evidence would be needed to inform the review?
Who will set up the districts?
What next steps could you as an individual or collaboratively, as part of a group, implement in your department?
What is the role of the Evaluator?
When schools are told that there is no money to send technicians to fix the computers and to help them pay for their telephone bills, the question is, whose project is it?
Who decides an application for leave to appeal?
What governance instruments have been used by other jurisdictions, including other levels of government in Canada, and other OECD countries, that take into account protection for children's1 health from exposures to environmental hazards2 in the workplace, home and community?
What are the acceptable method and manner of marking the goods?
What is succession planning and management?
What role should the private sector play in the supply of welfare services?
What is al Qaeda and its associated networks?
Why have a common rural development policy?
What is a loanback?
When and where do you think it was used?
What would be one reason for this?
What limits should be placed on the private use (as contrasted to government use) of such technology?
Why can't I use the Enter key on the Welcome screen?
Who are the MASOP key players?
What impact would a `European nuclear doctrine' have on this development?
What role does social connectedness have in stimulating and nurturing mental, emotional and physical health (Wilkins, 2006)?
What is the risk associated with vCJD?
What is the port number used for cross-certification?
What is international preliminary examination?
Who thought we would have been able to implement a five-year $100-billion tax cut plan, amounting to the largest cuts in Canada’s history?
What was the objective of the drug use in animals in Canada study?
What is your image of an "adaptive adult"?
What do we need to do to make these border crossings effective chokepoints for cutting off wrongful entry, while still enabling minimal passage times for cars and trucks on innocent voyages?
When will the RFSO be issued?
What do you recall?
What were the houses of the common people like?
Why does China matter so much?
What are its objectives?
What long-term development plans are there within the community?
When do FAC and ITCan conduct these environmental assessments?
When should I be worried about a letter or a package?
What is the IDFEE's plan to make the Public Service better?
What are the lessons of the failures of others?
What dream exhibit would you like to be able to display in the Museum?
Which, if any, of the following statements apply to the overall Human Resource Management policies?
What are the risks of a rapid fall in income?
What would be the right balance between a focus on historical events and issues and a focus on recent or current events and issues?
What health care services are not covered by provinces and territories?
What about other medicines?
What is the potential future contribution of the Council of Europe in this field?
What special steps are necessary to increase participation by under-represented groups?
Who should develop the implementation guidelines?
What was good and what was bad about what happened?
What is the role played by the atmosphere in the environmental cycle of air toxics?
What is the impact of this and how do survivors of heritage and cultural mistakes survive?
Why did the Ops Officer want to speak to me on landing?
What is meant by beneficence?
Which Sector Studies/Executive Summaries did you receive?
What are the key concepts/themes for me?
Why is my shipment being examined?
What approaches and tools can be used to minimize the time it will take to complete the revision of the ICL?
What has been achieved and how has it helped achieve Wildlife Habitat Canada’s objectives?
Where should it be going in the future?
What were they hiding and what did they want us to think?
What happens after regularisation?
Which version of Defence 2000 do you read?
What is a Certificate of Possession?
What's New?
What is the classification system?
What is the group for abusers?
When will an employee rejoining the Public Service (as defined in the collective agreement) with prior service of less than two years become entitled to this new vacation leave benefit?
What has been the effect of the NOF on institutional research planning activities and recruitment strategies?
What is Opioid Dependence?
What will be the role of Canadian NGOs at the WCAR in Durban?
Where are we now as a team in reference to the survey results?
What future for non-urban areas in the knowledge sociéty?
What form of completion guarantees have financial institutions required?
Why would you use the past tense if you were  thinking that you were applying for Disability Insurance?
What needs to be done in the way of improving the information base for biotechnology and sustainable development?
What is the difference, the defender said?
What role has the Chairs program including the associated CFI funding played in achieving progress towards your strategic plan between April 1, 2005 and March 31, 2006?
What should be the role of the federal government in the future?
What happens to items that are prohibited?
What changes in the cultural sector contribute to difficulties with applying the legislation?
When there are similarities between projects, isn’t it possible that they are randomly, coincidentally related to the specifics of each project, rather than to some general principle?
What is the highest level of education you have completed?
What is the issue?
When is the best time to license your invention?
What impact would the use of similar frameworks by other countries have on your plans?
What sort of activities should the International Organizations Bureau (IMD) be engaged in?
What type of skills would a new CAO need to move the municipality forward?
Where can I obtain the rules on quota allocation?
What are the applicant's responsibilities with respect to CEAA?
What documents will support the new Policy on Transfer Payments?
What will happen if Member States do not agree at the IGC to give up the veto in the tax field?
What if the worker's earnings are more than the personal amounts?
What works and what does not?
What happens after a positive test is reported?
What is the Commission’s authority or mandate to engage in prevention activities?
Which provisions of the Criminal Code deal with hate messages?
Why do birds live near the ocean?
What are some of the disadvantages or challenges associated with obtaining financing from foreign VCs?
What’s new with the RCMP’s National Anti-Counterfeiting Bureau (NACB)?
What is meant by structures and systems?
Where do individuals who receive an exemption under Section 56 of the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act obtain marijuana to treat their medical conditions?
What have been the main challenges faced by Canadian Heritage in fulfilling its responsibilities pursuant to section 42?
What are the spatial dimensions of innovation and economic growth?
What must such a consent form contain to be truly informative, in addition to the usual description of the nature of the protocol, its risks of harm and potential benefits, and so forth?
What pragmatic ideas do the various groups of learner and individual learners have of the opportunities to use the foreign language they are learning?
What are the problems to be addressed?
What exactly were those similarities and differences, she wondered, and how could they be explained?
What are the steps of trade-mark registration?
What is being done in that field in some selected regions of Central and Eastern Europe?
What in your view is ‘physical activity’?
What types of discourse (or statements) could further the dialogue between different cultural groups?
Why do Wardens Scare Bears away?
When will the survey results be available?
What impact do gender, job type, dependent care status and sector of employment have on the amount spent on prescription medicine?
Why would users have to use new software when they can already access the EICB website without problems with their current hardware and software?
What is required to improve service delivery management capability?
What is your view of the problems connected with membership of, and representation and voting rights within, international transport bodies?
Who Should Provide the Mandated AHR Counselling Services?
What is a Pension Adjustment?
Where does the E-Commerce Transaction take place?
What can I do if my study permit has been refused?
What format should information be in to make it most useful for others?
Which of the following health-related concerns are associated with exposure to dangerous UV radiation?
What research activities could be undertaken to validate this preliminary assessment of impacts?
What are the regulatory requirements for ADR reporting?
Where do we need to continue atmospheric and effects monitoring?
What's new?
What did the pharaohs believe would happen to them when they died?
What’s the most difficult day or time of day for you?
Where can I verify the accreditation of a school or institution?
What, then, might a woman of Tereshkova’s generation think of the changes during Vladimir Putin’s presidency?
What major (historical, political, natural, cultural) events might have influenced the lyricists’ point of view?
Why is the ADB constricting its agenda?
What do my employer and I need to do before I arrive?
Why does the Commission propose a period of 7 years?
Who were these former French-Canadian militiamen?
Who should I call if I have questions about the form or the legislation?
What is the impact of the program on student debt levels?
What, if any, should be the relationship between the funding for mental illness and addiction and the prevalence and economic burden of these illnesses?
What type of opportunities might we be able to build on?
What is it; Why is it Important to Canada; When Does Canada Apply; How Does Canada Apply It?
What does citizenship mean to you?
What overall strategies and best practice models have been effective in other countries and would they be appropriate in Canada?
Who are the engines of growth?
Whilst, in theory, each national regulatory/competition authority might have jurisdiction to deal with cross-border tarification issues insofar as they concern imports and, possibly exports, is it acceptable to have 15 potentially conflicting decision-making processes contemporaneously treating this issue?
What is the manufacturer’s role in SAP?
Why does the OSB require trustees to specify the "Estate Type"?
Why the focus on falls?
What is the ILR Surrendered and Designated Lands Register and what information does it contain?
What are the laws and regulations around the fishery?
What should you expect when a child enters school?
Why are some houses in the rundown state you describe?
What are the commonly used NP and NPEs in Canadian Industry?
What if an employee is on leave when a WFA situation occurs in his or her department?
What would be the rationale for not restricting displays of tobacco products and accessories bearing a tobacco product-related brand element in this type of retail outlet?
What controls apply to representations made to health professionals?
What are the objectives of the GATS?
What is the volume of copies produced?
What is the medium's real potential?
Why are younger and older women the most frequent drinkers?
Who are the people involved in the agency?
What different formats are there for group discussions?
What are the challenges?
What then is "a patent on a gene"?
What’s in it for the academy?
What makes successful sport partnerships work?
What factors, such as work history, source of income, education and social status, provide an explanation for the differences that can be observed in the health status of Canadians living in different regions?
What will be the mechanism of the intersectoral transfer in the MENA?
What is the outlook for life expectancy for both men and women?
What type of commitment will it be necessary to foster with the other communities – be they Anglophone, First Nations or allophone?
What is the province doing in response to the SARS threat?
What will Montenegro bring to the EU?
Who will negotiate and agree the terms of any subsequent licensing arrangement?
Why is the right to privacy so crucial?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of this delivery mechanism?
What methods/approaches would be most appropriate for a regional CEA type of assessment?
When you were young, did you have a paper route or any other means of earning spending money?
Who is the focus of program development?
Who should not be treated with REVLIMID®?
When will the present government do it?
What are the unique requirements for health professionals in rural and remote areas?
What can evaluation contribute to expenditure review?
Why does CSR verification and reporting matter?
What are some of the other differences between mainstream economists and feminist economists?
Which of the following would indicate the probability of turbulence aloft?
Who are the Aboriginal peoples in Canada?
What about today’s "New New China," with its skyscrapers, modern highways, and unbridled capitalism?
When does it begin and end?
What is your level of awareness regarding the "needs" which the Strategy is meant to address?
What will be the key areas of negotiation?
What is the extent of citizen support for the cleanup efforts and the results achieved to date?
What will business have to do to comply with the proposal?
Why?
What were the main reasons for discontinuation?
What role do the customs play in the fight against counterfeiting and piracy?
What Would Constitute an Effective Food and Nutrition Surveillance System?
What does this data represent?
What are the implications for policy?
What do you personally do as a manager to strengthen Public Service values and ethics as a reality of practice and behaviour in your organization?
When were they erected, by whom and why?
What are the barriers and how can they be overcome?
When should one resort to emergency methods?
What will be the amount of my pension if I purchase my prior transfer value service?
What if the follow-up period in our study was only three years, but many people found a job four years after graduation?
What is the SR&ED program?
What lessons (successes and constraints) naay be dratvnjkom recent experiences and initiatives with international cooperation on EA issues?
What do you know about how much youth knew about their culture and how they felt about their culture BEFORE they became involved in the project?
Which products or substances present a health hazard?
Why are the CIMIC, PSYOPS and Geomatics roles being given to the Reserves?
What role can cultural awareness and understanding play in peace?
What were the names of his two wives?
What is the minimum level of schooling attained by people from your community/reserve who are hired by the company(s) referred to in Question 4?
What will the evaluation function and your role as evaluators look like in three years time?
What does this mean for people interested in heritage?
Why was this aspect or element such a success?
What impact (outcomes) could these research questions have in this theme area?
Why is international trade important to Canada?
What will be the format of the Expert Panel Meeting?
Where can I go for more information?
What is being done to protect wolffish?
Where will stocks be stored?
Who should determine what we need?
What about ventilation - will harmful emissions be captured and removed before workers are affected?
Why should trade missions be part of your exporting strategy?
What can we learn from our mistakes in Rwanda to ensure that the world does not fail in Darfur?
What amendments to arrangements for external representation would increase the Union’s influence at international level?
Why is it important to understand harbour porpoise habitat use when trying to protect them from human threats?
What are your sources of information?
What column could you add to the table to improve your confidence in the data?
Who learns the fastest and can make themselves understood in an European language they don’t speak?
Why should racist propaganda on the Internet be controlled or forbidden?
What would you say was (candidate’s) greatest strength?
What is a frontal or baroclinic zone?
Why do you think questions about these issues are not asked?
Where can I find more information on Renewal Programs?
What happens to the content of teaching that is not directly religious but includes behavioural models that some citizens condemn due to their religious beliefs?
Why is there so much pain and suffering around me?
What are these and what are the advantages of publishing in them?
What insight, opinion or point of view does the song express about this issue?
Who will fund the cost involved – will commodity groups end up paying the entire costs?
What is a federal railway company?
What are some particular safeguarding issues specific to the health research context which need to be addressed?
Where do refugees in your country come from?
Why?
What is an Export Certificate for drugs and are there any related costs?
What are poliovirus infectious materials?
Who is in the best position to evaluate or validate this process: the investigator, a company, the local institutional review boards, the local animal use committees or a more central authority of experts at the federal level?
What of the call of the Rio Declaration and Agenda 21 for EA to support the goal of sustainable development?
What do I do with it?
Which actual target clientele was affected by this project?
What Are Other Environmental Impacts of Renewable Energy?
What problems/pitfalls do you see with this type of assessment?
Where does the USA Weather Service use the "Cold mirror device?
Which Canadian postsecondary institutions are members of AUCC?
What else has Canada done to help the world's poorest countries?
What are the vulnerable areas of the system?
What were the recovery rates of the processing and subsequent reprocessing?
What consultations are needed on the content of the regulations?
What are some of the differences between risk factors for males and females that contribute to their entry to the sex trade?
What is the level of citizen confidence in financial institutions?
What are the penalties for not complying with the ignition interlock program?
What about the impact of various regional economic programs, from tax incentives in the 1960s to FRED, the Fund for Rural Economic Development, in 1966?
Why single out biotechnology, given the range of possible means and technologies to address key sustainable development issues?
What is the role of the Deputy Head with respect to Public Service Values and Ethics?
Which health determinants are most influential in improving health and ensuring that seniors live full lives?
What is the legitimacy behind the linguistic fact?
Which initiatives do you intend to keep to implement these principles?
What can’t they do?
What is your message to national parliamentary instruments in the twenty-five capital cities?
When every learning institution in the world is accessible to every potential student, what is the role of our institution?
What province or territory is the main destination?
What are traditional knowledge, genetic resources and biological resources?
What international standards do we wish to implement to convince those people not only to buy our products, but also to vote with us in multilateral negotiations?
Where are women represented and underrepresented?
What is the Data Liberation Initiative?
Why should you enforce your patent rights?
What are the IT&E production issues?
What effect does expansion of transportation infrastructure have on rural youth?
Why is it, for example, that the CECs, which are often housed in Canadian embassies, should have to charge universities a membership fee, when our embassy cultural programs used to distribute information free to the universities?
What, if any, unintended impacts (positive or negative) may have resulted from NATCP?
Who is the federal environmental assessment coordinator?
What should the powers of the Union and the States be?
Where does the median university graduate stand in the high school earnings distribution on this assumption?
What are examples of IDRC supported networks?
When can a mentally ill person be apprehended and forcibly hospitalized?
What are their main interests?
What do you think is the best way to become a better facilitator?
Where did you move?
What are Canada’s relative advantages and disadvantages?
What federal funding agency programs does this stream of the LOF apply to?
Who should have access to data?
What more can be done?
Why does the Public Service need a Statement of Principles?
